Namastay in bed.
I have more issues than vogue.
Why are you are looking at me funny?
Haters gonna hate.
I’m sending this selfie to NASA because I’m a star!
What are you looking at?
Best. Selfie. Ever.
Chill!
Selfie lord alert!
Me, my selfie, and I.
I’ll definitely do me.
Life is short. Smile while you still have teeth.
OMG, look at me!
Believe in the selfie that believes in you.
I didn’t choose the thug life, the thug life chose me.
This is proof that I can do selfies better than you.
But first, let me take a selfie.
A selfie a day keeps the friends away.
Selfie, selfie, on the wall, who’s the fairest of them all?
Ah, a perfectly captured selfie!
Dear camera, why can’t you treat me as well as the mirror does?
Selfie on fleek.
It’s funny because it’s true.
Be a bad ass with a good ass!
Life isn’t perfect, but my outfit is.
Is there ever a bad time for a selfie?
You are what you eat.
This is how to become a heartbreaker.
I woke up like this.
Excuse me, but I’m in a selfie mood.
I have no idea what I’m doing.
The selfie is the worst judge of beauty.
Who said I was an angel?
Why so serious?
Today, I will be as useless as the ‘g’ in lasagna.
50% savage, 50% sweetheart.
Trouble never looked this fine!
No guts, no story.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Nevermind.
Morning time is selfie time.
Lunch time is selfie time.
Dinner time is selfie time.
Warning: You might fall in love with me.
Can’t touch this!
I’m sexy and I know it.
Nobody’s perfect...but I’m close.
There’s no room for demons when you’re self-possessed.
Does this selfie make me look fat?
I am not a selfie expert.
Rate this selfie from 1-10.
Gracing your feed with this fabulous selfie.
Mirror: “You look cute today.” Camera: “LOL, no.”
I love selfies because they love me.
Got a new selfie stick today.
I must have no selfie control.
No filter.
Hating me doesn’t make you beautiful.
I’m not lazy, just relaxed.
I’m just checking the quality of my camera.
Please put my selfie above the tree, because I am the star!
I graduated from the University of Selfies.
This way, I know how I look.
Just minding my own business.
Please don’t download my selfie. You might fall in love with me.
Selfie in paradise.
Selfies are genuine confidence boosters!
No job is complete until a selfie is posted.
All natural.
Keep calm and take a selfie.
Just do it.
Worry less, smile more.
Dream without fear, love without limits.
Work hard, stay humble.
No pain, no gain.
Whatever you do, do it extraordinarily well.
Life is better when you’re laughing.
Be yourself because there’s no one better.
Be you.
The best of me is yet to come.
Always choose to be kind.
Have enough courage to start and enough heart to finish.
Harder, better, faster, stronger.
Hope is the heartbeat of the soul.
Dream big and dare to fail.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
What we think, we become.
Be yourself, there’s no one better.
I’ll fight till the last gasp.
Be a voice, not an echo.
I can and I will.
Be true to yourself.
Do more of what makes you happy.
Feel the fear and do it anyway.
I make mistakes, but mistakes don’t make me.
The moment you choose hope, anything’s possible.
Think like a proton—always positive.
We rise by lifting others.
Leave no stone unturned.
Actually, I can.
Be the best version of you.
Live what you love.
Risking is better than regretting.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
The future is bright.
No guts, no glory.
Be water, my friend.
All limitations are self-imposed.
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
Dream big, pray bigger.
You can do anything you set your mind to.
Change the world by being yourself.
You matter.
I am loved.
Die with memories, not dreams.
If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything.
Life is better when we smile.
Be happy. Be bright. Be you.
Every day is a second chance.
Seize the day!
Happiness looks gorgeous on me.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
I am capable of amazing things.
By teaching others, we teach ourselves.
We were all born to succeed.
Hope is a waking dream.
One bad chapter doesn’t mean your story is over.
Don’t forget to be awesome.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
The smallest change can make the biggest difference.
If you want it, work for it.
Keep your best wishes close to your heart and see what happens.
You can if you think you can.
A thing of beauty is a delight forever.
Good things happen to those who hustle.
Focus on the good.
My life feels like a test I didn’t study for.
When nothing goes right, go left.
Keep it cool.
Take it easy.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
No approval necessary.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
Don’t hate.
There is no such thing as perfection, only beautiful versions of brokenness.
And so, the adventure begins.
This is not a phase.
There is beauty in simplicity.
There’s no place like home.
Under construction.
The moment when you realize that everything’s perfect.
This is called a selfie.
Every moment is a new beginning.
This is one of the selfies I really like.
Selfie life.
Live for the moments you can’t put into words.
Happy days are here again!
I can. I will. Watch me.
Take it or leave it.
Life is lit.
Everything you can imagine is real.
The obstacle is the path.
The selfie life.
Hey, check out this cool selfie!
I smile, you smile—that’s how it works!
I am blessed.
Feeling fresh.
Never looked so good.
Who cares? I’m awesome!
Live a good story.
Make it simple but significant.
It’s time for change.
Don’t tell people your plans. Show them the results.
Getting my pose on.
Best selfie of all time!
Simplicity is the key to brilliance.
Making peace with my broken pieces.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Just so we’re clear, I don’t always take selfies.
I love me.
Being happy never goes out of style.
Be obsessively grateful.
So many changes in a year.
May this selfie be the reason for you smile.
It’s the little things in life that counts.
Be a nice person.
I’m a rock star!
I’m a friendly human.
Let life surprise you.
I’m shining like the stars.
My smile shimmers like the sun.
We all shine on.
Never dull your shimmer for somebody else.
Is this what angels look like?
I am awesome-sauce!
Look at me, I’m a beautiful creature.
Smiles are precious.
Wherever your heart is, it’s the place you will find your treasure.
Smile. It confuses people.
Ice cream is way cheaper than therapy.
Let’s dance in the moonlight.
Little by little, day by day.
I’m as simple as quantum physics.
Do what makes your soul shine.
Salty but sweet.
I can show you the world.
If you got eyes, look at me now.
Let’s play under the sun.
A flower blossoms for its own joy.
Life is the flower. Love is the honey.
I’m a unicorn.
Short, sassy, cute, and classy.
It’s so beautiful when humans smile.
My soul’s on fleek.
My soul is full of sunshine.
Keeping the smile on!
Pretty is on the inside.
Will you be my date?
Why fall in love when you can fall asleep?
I’m a free spirit.
Forever a nomad.
A smile is one of the most beautiful things in the world.
I’m walking on sunshine.
Be happy—it drives people crazy!
Throwing sass around like confetti.
I wish you were here by my side.
Happy days are here again!
When life throws you curves, flaunt them.
Smile because you made it.
The smile is the most beautiful curve in existence.
Who says I never smile in my selfies?
Sunshine and moonshine.
A better version of me.
Take my selfie and be merry.
Behind the clouds is the sun still shining.
There are so many beautiful reasons to be happy.
The best is yet to come.
My time is now.
Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re not strong enough.
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
What do you think of the view?
Sassy, classy, bad-assy.
Elegance is beauty that never fades.
Escape the ordinary!
Accept who you are and revel in it.
You only live once.
Life is the place where love lives.
I’m smiling because I can.
Different doesn’t mean wrong.
You don’t know me.
What matters most is how you see yourself.
Showing the world my victory pose.
Take a ride on my energy.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Embracing the glorious mess that I am.
Life is way too short for bad vibes.
Eyes are never quiet.
All good things are wild and free.
Be a voice, not an echo.
There’s always a wild side to an innocent face.
Always classy, never trashy, and a little bit sassy.
Forget about style, worry about results.
Let’s just be who we really are.
My life is my message.
Beautiful things don’t ask for attention.
Be groovy or leave!
Selfies show what we look like, not who we are.
These are the days we live for.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Maybe I was born with it.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Hustle and heart will set you apart.
If it matters to you, you’ll find a way.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
I’ll just stay here forever.
Life is like a selfie—we get the best results when we smile.
I’m cool and hot at the same time.
I am picky with my selfies as I am with my food.
I know looks aren’t everything, but I have them just in case.
Whatever is good for you soul, do that.
Live for the moments you can’t put into words.
Let’s just be who we really are.
Life is full of surprises.
A family is the best team you could ever have.
A house doesn't make a home. What makes it a home is the family that lives in it.
All we have is one another.
Blessed to be in this family.
Cherish your tribe and love them hard.
Even if we're not wearing the same uniform, we're all members of the same team.
Family and happiness together in a picture.
Food tastes better when you eat it with family.
For me, this is the only place where hugs last a lifetime.
Having it all together is not important. What matters is that by being together, we have it all.
Here, love knows no end.
Here's my everything in one photo.
Hey fam, can we rewind to this?
I may not remember the details from the day we took this picture, but I remember exactly the love I felt.
I've always thought of myself as weak, but my family always does something to prove me wrong.
If you're part of a family, then you're part of something marvelous.
In touch with history and our destiny.
It's crazy how we have blood thinner than water but thicker than blood.
Just a simple, happy family.
Keep the real ones close.
Let's never stop making memories together.
Little moments, big memories.
May this precious captured moment live on forever.
Our happiness drives people crazy.
Rooted and grounded in love.
Smiling for photos is what makes family pictorials delightful.
The love of a family makes life beautiful.
There's no comfort like family.
These are the only people who love me whenever I'm not so lovable.
They know my flaws but still continue to love me anyway.
This photo pretty much explains why I am the way that I am.
This family doesn't have to be perfect to be amazing!
This family is its own kind of beautiful.
Today's beautiful moments are tomorrow's treasured memories.
We believe in each other's journey.
When life knocks you down, family is the one that always stands by your side.
A large family really helps when you’re a lazy one.
All the crazies are in this photo!
Being related to me is really such a blessing to this family.
Friday ain’t my favorite F word. It’s family.
Heated Argument—it’s our family’s favorite game!
Homebodies stick together!
Let’s get ready to rumble!
Lunacy is in the genes.
I come from a strong line of nutcases.
I’m surrounded by the most bearable idiots in the world.
In case you’re wondering—yes, we’re all related!
In our family, madness never skips a generation.
If you shake our family tree, a bunch of nuts will fall out.
Just like the word “temperamental,” my family is half temper, half mental!
Laughter brings a family closer.
My circus, my monkeys.
No one has a normal family.
Perpetually torn between “I can’t live with them” and “I can’t live without them.”
Rolling with the homies.
Since I can see through everyone’s bullsh*t, I guess I’m the black sheep in this family.
Smiling because we’re family. Laughing because we can’t do anything about it.
The loudest mouths in existence!
The perfect combination of chaos and love.
This family ain’t complete without me.
This family is totally crazy. But don’t worry, they do go normal from time to time.
This home is built on love and shenanigans.
Unfortunately, you can’t choose your family. But luckily, you can always choose your therapist.
We should probably kick some ass today.
We’re stuck like glue.
What they call chaos, pandemonium, and hullabaloo, is what I call family.
When the internet went down, I spent some time with family. So far, they seem like good people.
Who needs soap operas when you’ve got this family?
You know that annoying itch you just can’t scratch? Yup, that’s what this family feels like.
Always better together.
Best family ever!
Blooming and growing.
Cherish every moment.
Crazy family!
Crazy. Loud. Loving.
Creating family memories.
Don't forget to remember.
Eat together, stay together.
Family fun day!
Family is forever!
Feel the love!
Happiness multiplied.
Happy family, happy life.
Happy together.
Happy for no reason.
Heaven on Earth.
Home sweet home.
Hoping, inspiring, believing.
It's a family affair.
Learning and growing every day.
Love, honesty, and trust.
Made with love.
My support system.
My treasure!
Our hearts are one.
Putting up with the basics.
Sharing the precious moment.
The legacy never ends.
This family rocks!
This family rules!
This is us.
Through thick and thin.
Time, love, care, and respect.
To love and to cherish.
Together we stand tall and strong.
United and growing.
United we stand.
We are our own kind of beautiful.
We look after each other.
Welcome to our family!
All the warmth I need, this family provides for me.
Always remember your family.
Beginning our day with a smile.
Blood does make a family. Love does.
Capture the moment. It lives forever.
Creating wonderful memories, one photo at a time.
Despite my flaws, they continue to love me.
Got all my coolness from them.
Here’s my gang!
I’m so grateful that I’m part of this family.
If I stumble, these people will catch me. After laughing, that is!
Just one of the many wonderful reasons why I’m always happy.
Kind people are my kinda people.
Loneliness is a stranger to us.
Love is the main ingredient.
May our laughs be limitless.
Mess with us, and you won’t be messing with anyone anymore.
My daily dose of inspiration.
My family is my little village.
Never too far away because we’re close in hearts.
Our family is a circle of love that keeps on growing.
Pushing each other to be our very best selves.
Spending time together with no regrets.
The best thing to hold onto is one another’s hand.
The source of my strength.
This family is totally whack!
This is my happy place.
This photo proves just how awesome my family is.
We look at each other and call it home.
We wear smiles every single day.
We have one another. Therefore, we have everything!
First, we eat. Then, we do everything else.
I’m not drooling, you are!
Is it just me or does this meal look more scrumptious because I’m on a diet?
I like people who love to eat. They’re the best kind of people in the world.
Live, love, eat.
Made with love.
To live a full life, you have to fill your stomach first.
Carbs might be my soulmate.
All I want for Christmas is...food.
Never eat more than you can lift.
The most essential part of a well-balanced diet is—food!
Dear diet, things just aren’t looking good for the both of us. It’s not me, it’s you. You’re too much work. You’re boring and I can’t stop cheating on you.
Hunger is a good cook.
A little slice of heaven.
Good food never fail in bringing people together.
Eat right, exercise, die anyway.
It’s essential for every party to have cake. If there’s no cake, then it’s only a meeting.
9 out of 10 people love chocolate. And the 10th person is always lying.
The chief ingredient in yummy food is love.
There is no better reward for hard work than good food.
They told me to follow my heart. Guess where it led me? To the fridge.
Skinny people are easier to kidnap. Stay safe, eat cake.
I’m soy into you.
Life is about exploring the pasta-billities.
Grill and chill!
Good people, good food, good time.
I’d hate to lie on my deathbed and think: “I could have eaten that!”
One does not need silver cutlery to eat delectable food.
Food shared is happiness multiplied.
Eat, drink and live free. There’s no telling what might happen tomorrow.
Oh, did you say exercise? I thought you said extra fries!
Another one bites the crust.
There’s nothing more romantic than a serene walk to the fridge.
Life is infinitely delicious.
Breakfast food can cure all sadness away.
What diet?
Dine well and you’ll be able to think well, sleep well, and live well.
Cupcakes are muffins that believed in miracles.
For some reason, food tastes better when it’s somebody‘s treat.
Everything you see, I owe to spaghetti.
It’s not true that money can’t buy happiness. I mean, have you tried buying ice cream? It’s the same thing!
Dinner is one of life’s greatest pleasures.
I’m obsessed with food.
How do I like my eggs? In cake, of course!
Chocolate makes everything better.
I'm so eggcited to eat!
I just want someone to utter these three magic words to me: “I brought food.”
Good food, good mood.
This is a festival of flavors.
There is no “we” in fries. Remember that!
There’s nothing more romantic than Italian food.
I’m on a 30-day diet. So far, I’ve lost 15 days.
Where there is good food, there is happiness.
Let’s eat some diet food while we wait for the steak to cook.
In the mood for noods.
Eat today, live another day.
I’m never giving up on chocolate! I’m not a quitter!
I am on a seafood diet. I see food, I eat it.
A day is best started on a full stomach.
When you eat food with your family and friends, it always tastes better!
I love you to the fridge and back.
Everything tastes good when you’re hungry.
Love and sausage are alike. I can never get enough of both.
Donut worry, be happy.
I’m feeling heroic today. I think I might go rescue some alcohol trapped in some kind of bottle later.
Count memories, not calories.
If my plate is full, I'm happy.
You know what’s better than blabbering about food? Yup, eating!
In order to achieve a balanced diet, one must hold a cookie in each hand.
I’ve always been fond of hashtags. They remind me of waffles!
Come on, hog it out!
Most people eat to live. On the contrary, I live to eat.
Calories don’t count during the weekends.
There’s absolutely no need for me to go to the gym. The name of the cashier at the Mcdonald’s I frequent is Jim, so same thing!
I love Instagram because it allows me to maintain a record of every meal I partake.
Eating spaghetti requires so much attention. That’s why you can never feel lonely while eating it.
Fueled by ramen.
Take food as your medicine before you take medicine as your food.
If it’s made of chocolate, then I’m going to eat it!
First, we eat breakfast. Then, we change the world.
Good food is the foundation of happiness.
Food is always more satisfying after a day’s hard work.
Magic happens in the kitchen during lunch time and dinner time.
I have hunger management issues.
Note to self: “Eyes on the fries!”
If you do not eat well, then you won’t be able to think well, love well, and sleep well.
My head is full of thoughts about food. Don’t judge, it’s a thing.
Food is the ultimate pacifier. I feel like I can forgive anyone after a scrumptious meal.
Broken cookies have no calories!
Food, friends, fun.
Despite what psychologists say, it’s totally okay to replace love with food.
I’m the best when it comes to eating meat.
If no one catches you eating it, then it has no calories. This, my friend, is the first rule of my diet.
Halt your work and eat lunch!
Sorry, I'm in a relationship—with food!
Food is fuel.
Sorry, if it’s not on the plate, then it can wait.
Whenever you see me seemingly thinking deep thoughts, I’m probably just thinking about food.
Why am I eating cake? Because it’s somebody’s birthday somewhere out there!
Food is really and truly the most effective medicine.
Made to perfection.
Never break a promise! On the other hand, you can break as many pie crust as you want.
To eat is human, to digest, divine.
Food is my number 1 priority.
Who needs love when you can eat all the chocolate in the world.
I feel like stripping whenever I see good food.
There is no love more sincere than my love for food.
If you’re hungry and you want thousands of something, then eat rice!
Who needs inspirational quotes when you can just drink coffee?
If you combine wine and dinner, the new word is winner
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first.
To eat is to appropriate by destruction.
I like my coffee black like my soul.
Eat whatever you want, and if someone tries to lecture you about your weight, eat them too!
If you combine good flavors, food turns into an orchestra.
If the fries is right, then we have a deal!
Your diet is a bank account. A good option is a good investment.
I told them I won’t go if there was no food involved, so here I am!
Cheese is milk’s leap towards immortality.
Bliss on a plate.
Food always feels like luxury when you’re hungry.
Don’t be upsetti, eat some spaghetti.
As the old adage goes: “Keep your friends close, and your snacks closer.”
Tasty food brings eternal bliss.
Cooking is love made visible.
Chick this out!
Let’s gain some weight!
I’m on a feeding frenzy.
If you ask me what my favorite animal is, it’s steak!
Is it too much to ask for me to have buns of steel and buns of cinnamon at the same time?
I spread love like how I spread Nutella and peanut butter.
Food is my best friend.
Snacks are awesome! Don’t you ever underestimate their power!
I can tell a lot about people from the way they eat their jelly beans.
Coffee is always a good idea.
I was always a junk food person. I still am.
When you mix good flavors, the food turns into an orchestra.
Taste of heaven.
Who needs friends when you can eat all the snacks you want?
My favorite hobby is eating.
Food is worth all the weight gain.
In pizza, we crust.
Take a seat, grab a treat.
You gotta nourish to flourish.
My soul’s dark, I’m always bitter, and I’m too hot for you. Yup, I’m just like my favorite kind of coffee.
When words are inadequate, munch some food.
A little chocolate a day never hurts.
Pork-fection on a plate.
The belly rules the mind.
When you’re a downie, eat a brownie.
Savor the flavor.
Food is a tasty hug.
Say yes to more cheese!
We are lucky that we don’t have to venture into the wild and hunt for food anymore. Like, where do tacos even live?!
I’m in the mood for food.
Money won’t be able to buy happiness, but it can get you this delicious meal instead.
From what I eat, you can probably tell what I am.
Food is way cheaper than therapy.
The secret ingredient is always cheese.
Food is always a good idea.
This meal is no misteak.
Help, send chocolate!
Eating breakfast is a nice way of saying thank you to your body.
Every french fry was a potato once.
Don’t go bacon my heart.
If you want to impress me, then: 1. Buy me food, 2. Make me food, or 3. Be food.
You can't just eat good food. You've got to talk about it too. And you've got to talk about it to somebody who understands that kind of food.
Happiness is homemade.
This year, I was closest to the diet while cleaning originators from my browsing history.
I’m no glutton—I’m an explorer of food!
There's no such thing as too much food.
Food vibes only.
I only came for the food.
Cooked to perfection.
How can I go on a diet? The fridge is still full!
A simple “I love you” means more than any amount of wealth in the world.
A tender heart is the best charm one can possess.
An endless amount of words, yet nothing can describe what love makes me feel.
And in the middle of chaos, there was you.
Be mine.
But I must admit, I would marry you in an instant.
Can’t take my eyes off you.
Come rain or come shine, I’m going to love you like it’s your first time to ever be loved.
Deep down, we are just two entangled souls, trying to get it right.
Do you have any idea how fast my heart beats whenever I see you?
Embrace thy soul with warm love.
Every day of my life is perfect because it starts and ends with you.
Every wonder in the world wouldn’t even exist without love—the very first wonder love in the world!
Eye contact and a heart beat—this is how it all begins!
Find that someone whose soul resonates with yours.
For love doesn’t bind. It liberates.
For those who love, forever exists.
From the ground up, we will build this tower of love.
Get someone who is willing to hear about all the crazy stuff that go on in your head.
Have I asked you today how lucky I am to be in love with you?
Home is wherever you’re by my side.
In a crowd of people, my eyes will always try to search for you.
It was always you from the very beginning.
Just the thought of you drives me crazy!
Just wanna be with you, forever.
Lately, you’ve been running in my thoughts.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Limitless is the power of love.
Love more, worry less.
Love who you love. As simple as that!
Lucky for me, you came along.
Make an effort to love until it hurts. Because then, there can be no hurt, only more love.
My heart is in tiptop condition because you are in it.
My world, my heart, my everything.
Never forget to shower with love those who love you.
No reason is needed for loving.
Nothing fancy, just love.
Nothing is more artistic than loving people.
Of all the things that I have ever held, the best by far is you.
Oh, it’s such a perfect day! I’m glad I spent it with you.
Our moments together make me realize how everything is a beautiful dream come true.
People think of love as an emotion. But in reality, love is a good sense.
Pick me, choose me, love me.
Seeing your smile reach your eyes is the whole world to me.
Some hearts just can’t be separated.
Some people search their whole life for what I have found with you.
So in love right now.
Spread love everywhere you go.
There is no remedy to love but to love more.
Trust isn’t hard with the right person.
Try to love everyone, but trust only a few.
Two can play the game of love and both win.
Two hearts in love need no words.
Water your relationships. Love the people you love even more.
We love because it’s the only true adventure.
You are my today and all my tomorrows.
You are my very favorite person.
You can’t resist love. It’s a feeling you can’t fight.
You will forever be my always.
You’re like sunshine on rainy days.
A life with love is a life that’s been live.
A loving heart opens the door to knowledge and truth.
Above all else, love each other deeply.
Being lovable is the key to being loved.
Distance means zilch when someone means everything.
Every love adventure should start at forever and end at never.
Everything is clearer when you’re in love.
For little creatures like us, the expanse of the universe is made bearable only through love.
Friendship is love without wings.
Givers and receivers of love feel the sun from both sides.
Greet everyone with a smile, for it is the initiation of love.
Have faith in the love you give and receive, and you’ll be happy for life.
Having no geography, love knows no boundaries.
Hearts can understand one another other, even in silence.
Home is where the heart is.
In love, there is madness. But in madness, there is reason.
In the end, love always wins.
It matters not who you love. What matters is that you love.
Just as flowers can’t blossom without sunshine, humans can’t live without love.
Kindness means loving people more than what they deserve.
Look for someone who will embrace you for who you really are. Once you find you find that someone, you will be set for life.
Love can teach one the loudest lesson in dead silence.
Love isn’t something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Lucky in love is lucky enough.
Magic exists in our world. It’s everywhere, and it’s called love.
Next level soul connections don’t happen by accident. They are written in the stars.
No matter where you go, be sure to always leave heartprints of love, compassion, and understanding.
Once in a blue moon, when everything is mundane and uneventful, love gives us a fairy tale.
One word has the power to liberate us from all the pain and suffering in life. That word is love.
Real love lasts a lifetime.
Sometimes, the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Soulmates make life come to life.
The best medicine of all is love, for it cures both the giver and the receiver.
The heart wants, the brain justifies. But it's the soul that knows.
There’s something so similar about art and love. They both make you see yourself in things that are not in you.
To love profoundly in one direction makes us love more in all other directions.
Together is always a good place to be.
Ultimately, love doesn’t have a happy ending, for true love is never-ending.
True love stories never have endings.
Wherever you are, there is an opportunity to love and be loved.
You always gain love by giving love.
A fart is how I would describe my love for you. It’s unstoppable! It just bursts out aloud in all its glory and fragrance.
After a while, you just want to be with the one who makes you laugh.
All you need is love. But a little bit of dessert every now and then doesn’t hurt.
Be warned that love has only one kind, and a thousands of imitations.
Being in a relationship is a walk in the park. Jurassic Park, that is!
Chocolate used to be my one and only weakness. But now, it’s you!
Don’t force love. If it has to be forced, then it isn’t love. It’s sh*t.
Even when I’m terribly hungry, I love you so much.
Ever since I fell in love with you, I always wake up smiling. And yeah, I think it’s all your fault.
Eye contact is a dangerous thing. But, it’s a lovely feeling. Oh, so lovely!
Falling in love is the best fall one can ever experience in life.
Find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack all of your emotional baggage.
Forever is such a long time! Be sure to spend it with someone who always makes you laugh!
Forget the butterflies! Turns out, I actually had a tummy ache. But also, I love you.
Genuine love is ethereal and ghostly. Many people talk about it, but few have actually seen it.
Honestly, you look like the rest of my life.
How is love more important than money? Like have you ever tried paying your bills with kisses and hugs?
I am yours now. No return, no exchange, and absolutely no refunds!
I would go to work, but stalking you is a 24/7 job.
If two people don’t laugh together till they wheeze and both end up with a coughing fit, is it even love?
If you’re lucky enough to find a weirdo like you, never let them go.
Know what’s on the menu? Me-n-u!
Love is when you throw your daughter off a cliff just to obtain the soul stone.
Love is sharing your popcorn.
Marry whoever makes your Mondays feel like Fridays.
My eyes turn into little hearts whenever I see you.
No time interval can ever be long enough without you by my side.
Not having to hold in farts in front of one another is what real love is.
Nowadays, the charge of my smartphone lasts way longer than any of my relationships.
Only a fool blames gravity for falling in love.
People who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy.
Quite frankly, it’s probably love that’s at work when your special someone doesn’t watch Netflix shows ahead of you.
Romantic love may be a mental illness, but it sure is a pleasurable one.
Some people ask me whether I prefer food or love. Naturally, I don’t answer them, because I’m busy eating.
Technically speaking, love means nothing to a tennis player.
The path to real love is paved with pizza.
The word “love” is similar to the word “like” except you feel sexier when you say it.
Usually, people in love suddenly become poets, composers, and comedians.
We weirdos gotta stick together!
What’s the secret to my resplendent beauty? It’s love!
When you crazy matches my crazy, that’s love.
While it’s that love at first sight can happen to anyone, it always pays to take a second look.
With the might of love, I shall save the world.
You are my kind of gross.
You make my dopamine levels go crazy.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Acts of love kindles and melts the soul.
Be with someone who appreciates and adores your kindness.
Be the love you never received.
By the way, I’m wearing the smile you gave me.
Come on, make my heart smile.
Crazy in love.
Do you want to be part of everything that I love in life?
Don’t forget to love yourself.
Eternity is such a long time, but I wouldn’t mind spending it with you.
Everything I do, I do with love.
Falling in love with everything that I am is my ultimate goal.
For some reason, my soul just knew that it needed you.
Go no farther than my fingertips.
Happiness, peace, and love for all.
Hey, you. Yeah, you. I love you.
I am who I am right now because of you.
I wanna be your end game.
I'd be lost without your love.
Just put your arms around me, and home I will be.
Keep a piece of my heart, and take it with you everywhere. With it close to you, you’ll never be alone.
Know that I still fall for you every single day.
Let’s make time work for us.
Love rules forever.
Loved you yesterday, and loved you still. Always have, and always will.
Loving is the only way we can learn how to love.
Making memories with you is my favorite thing to do.
Nights are sunny when I’m in love.
No matter what happens, you’ve got my love to lean on.
No one in the world is as deserving of your love and affection as yourself.
Only do what your heart tells you.
Our first and last love is self-love.
Real love is capable of awakening your soul.
Searching the world for the perfect words to utter to my special someone. But then I realized, the best ones are the words that flow naturally from the heart.
Self-love is the wellspring of all other kinds of love.
Sunshine dwells in my soul because of love.
Tell me who adores and cherishes you, and I will tell you about who you really are.
The first secret of happiness is falling in love with one’s own self.
The heart always knows the truth.
Thinking about you makes me happy.
To say “I love you,” one must be able to say “I.”
Until my very last breath, I will always keep you in my heart.
When I’m with you, I become much more me.
When you love yourself, everything else just falls into place.
Who, being loved, is poor?
With you beside me, the good things in life get even better.
You and me together, nothing is impossible, baby.
You are my most favorite person in the history of ever.
Adventures are never-ending. We just need to seek them with open hearts.
Among all of the world’s marvels, the horizon is the most marvelous.
Born to wander—everywhere and home!
By getting lost in my adventures, I found myself.
Creating new memories all around the world.
Curiosity brought me here.
Departing into unknown lands.
Eat well, travel often.
Ego trip with the right state of mind.
Embrace the hidden realms.
Everywhere is on my travel list.
Exploring the wilderness.
Follow you dreams. Pack your backpack and go!
Forget about the fear of unknown by replacing it with curiosity.
Free as a bird.
Get off the path and blaze your own trail.
Get the most out of life by treating it as a big adventure.
Go fly, roam, travel, explore, and, discover.
Go search for a great perhaps.
Going where I’ve never been to is my favorite thing to do.
Happiness lies in finding yourself along the way.
I’ve always had wings. All I needed to do was fly.
If you have no reason to stay, then that’s a good reason to go.
Indeed, the world has so much to offer.
Into the wild I go!
Just having a serious bout of wanderlust.
Little by little, one travels far.
Live to travel, travel to live.
Living my daydream adventure.
Looking for a beautiful place to get lost.
Losing my way, finding my soul.
Lost in the right direction.
My intent was to leave marks all over the world. But, it was the world that left marks in my memory.
Navigating the great outdoors.
Not having a destination means you can never get lost.
Oh, the places I’m going to!
Open your mind. Bring a sturdy carry-on. And pack clothes that don’t wrinkle. The world is yours to explore!
Pack lighter, go further.
Picking up pieces of myself wherever I go.
Rather than hearing about something a hundred times, go see it for yourself.
Routine is a notorious life disruptor. Travel to neutralize it!
Shake the dust of your old home off your feet and go see the world.
So, where to next?
Somewhere, something astounding is waiting to be discovered!
Take it slowly, experience more.
Taking the first step into the land of adventure.
The great affair is to move from one place to another.
The wilderness is calling out for me.
Then one day, when you least expect it, the adventure finds you.
To travel is to live.
Travel far enough and you meet yourself.
Wander for distraction, travel for fulfillment.
We travel not to escape life, but for life not to escape us.
We were born with feet, not roots. Go travel!
Wherever it is, I’m on the way.
Work, save, travel, repeat.
You can shake the travel dust off your shoes, but not from your spirit.
A change of place can bestow new inspiration to the mind.
A life without travel is like a book without pages.
A mind that is stretched by new experiences can never go back to its old dimensions.
Adventure is always worthwhile.
At first, traveling renders you speechless. Then, it turns you into a storyteller.
Beauty is in the journey. Oftentimes, we are betrayed by the destination.
Blessed are the curious for they shall be adventurers.
Bona fide travelers have no fixed plans. And neither do they have any intent of arriving.
By losing sight of the shore, you can discover new oceans.
Climb the mountains and see the world from the top.
Destinations don’t have to be places. They can be new perspectives and novel ways of seeing things.
Each adventure becomes a part of who we are.
Every journey has a secret destination, which the traveler is unaware of.
Fear is only temporary. Regrets, however, last forever.
Foreign lands don’t exist. It is only us travelers who are foreign.
Imagination is but a preview of life’s many attractions.
It’s fascinating how you can discover many different versions of yourself when you travel around the world.
Life is best navigated with a compass.
Life may be finite, but the universe is infinite. The sooner you start exploring it, the better.
Lost doesn’t mean hopeless. It’s an opportunity to find your self.
Jobs fill the wallet, but adventures fill the soul.
Measure life not by the amount of breaths we take, but by the number of scenery that take our breath away.
Never let your luggage define your travels. Each one unpacks differently.
No matter how much you know a place, there will always be something new to learn about it.
Not only does traveling expand the mind, it also fills the gap.
Real travelers can travel with their mind alone.
Ships aren’t made to stay safe at the harbor. The same is true for us humans.
Sympathy grows when one travels a lot.
The best measure of travel is not by distance, but by the connections you made along the way.
The most exciting places are never on the map.
There’s nothing quite like the beginning of a new adventure.
Travel is the cure to narrow-mindedness.
Travel makes you realize how tiny of a place you actually occupy in the world.
Traveling is not something you’re good at. It’s something you do naturally, just like breathing.
We travel not only to seek places, but also to seek people and souls.
When everything feels like an uphill struggle, think of the view from the top.
With age, comes wisdom. With travel, comes understanding.
A change of latitude would definitely help my attitude.
Addicted to travel. But don’t worry, because I’m on the road to recovery.
Ain’t it weird that people venture far just to see things that they usually ignore back home?
All I need is a cup of coffee, a plane ticket, and bag full of cash.
All you need is love and a passport.
Backpackers are the human version of snails.
Be a plane ticket! Then, you can make everyone happy.
Catch flights, not feelings.
Cross the right time zone and you’ll get younger. Keep heading west and you can become immortal.
Does anyone even own the first luggage that shows up on the carousel?
Do you want to get to know people for who they really are? Travel with them.
Doing tourist stuff is exhausting! Now, I just want to sit in a random cafe and observe people.
Don’t worry about over-packing. It’s why suitcases have wheels now.
Dressing up because I’m going to another address.
Eat, sleep, travel, and relax.
Fast forward to the part of my life where I travel the world.
Flying on an airplane is generally safe. Crashing, on the other hand, is what’s truly dangerous!
Good climate can be found in heaven. Good companionship, on the other hand, can be found in hell.
Greetings from *insert your location here*! I live here now.
Happiness is packing for an adventure somewhere far.
I don’t want to travel around the world, said no one ever.
I want someone to look at me the way people look at travel magazines.
If only searching for plane tickets burned calories.
If traveling was free, then bye!
In a relationship with my travel pillow.
Let your body wander, your eyes marvel, and your soul sparkle.
My dream is to travel and pet all the cats and dogs that come my way.
No idea where I’m going, but I’m going for sure! Are you coming with me or not?
Nothing like an annual trip around the sun.
Of course, I look down on people! From the airplane window, mostly.
One of the best ways to get to know a place is to eat it.
One needs to travel to realize that everyone is actually wrong about other countries.
Only amateurs experience jet lag.
Perhaps you can’t buy happiness. But, you can always buy plane tickets.
Scurrying to the boarding gate is my favorite exercise.
Serendipity is my tour guide, and caprice is the assistant.
Since I’ll be stuck on this planet anyway, I might as well go see it.
Streets flooded. Please advise.
Stuffing my eyes with wonder, and enjoying as if I’d drop dead in a few minutes.
To run out of passport pages is my goal.
Turns out, my passport just wanted to be stamped.
Up in the clouds, on my way to paradise.
Walking around the airport with my luggage is my kind of workout.
What’s on my travel list? Everywhere!
When I followed my heart, I ended up at the airport.
Will travel for food and beautiful sunsets.
You can’t buy happiness? Okay, explain travel then.
A fine way to get to know a place is to use its public transportation system.
Adventure awaits!
Always say yes to new adventures.
Because when you stop to just look around, you realize that world is perfectly splendid.
Bon voyage!
Cities have their own unique personalities, just like people.
Ceaselessly searching for views that leave me breathless.
Curiosity exists for its own reason. Never stop questioning!
Don’t say a word, just look, and see how wonderful the world is.
Every mountain peak is within reach if you just keep climbing.
Exploration requires only desire and initiative.
Feeling at home in the wild.
Follow the sun, and let it lead the way.
For every one hundred feet, the world changes.
Go find your happy place.
Go where your heart pounds in excitement.
Go with all your heart.
Happily addicted with traveling the world.
How is it possible to yearn for a place that I never knew?
I didn’t expect the world to be so beautiful.
If you never go, you’ll never know.
In love with undiscovered places.
It’s magical how one can travel so far away and come back all changed.
Just me and the world.
Keep calm and travel on.
Keep exploring.
Leave the road, take the trails.
Leaving pieces of me wherever I go.
Let your memory be your travel bag.
Money is irrelevant. Courage is what matters.
My drug of choice is adventure.
My favorite travel moment is pausing every thought.
My shoes are in charge. I’m just following orders.
No one can change the bygones, but you can choose where to go next.
No place is as bad as they ever tell you to be.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Only going to places that spark joy.
Passports hold a lot of stories between their pages.
Run wild—barefoot and free!
Seen more than I can remember, remember more than I have seen.
Spontaneity is the best kind of adventure.
Take only memories, leave only footprints.
Taking a walk in the woods hoping that I’ll come out taller than the trees.
The journey itself is my home.
The point of departure is wherever you are right now. Set out and enjoy the travel adventure.
The travel bug bit me, and I have no qualms about it.
To live is an awfully big adventure.
Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.
Venture into places that open the eyes.
We all dream of distant realms.
We never take trips. It’s the trips that take us.
When you travel a lot, strangers magically become friends.
Wherever I go, I know that the world is on my side.
You don’t really need a lot of money to travel well.
Always dressed to kill.
Be not afraid of being called unfashionable.
Being well-dressed is my kind of happiness.
Call me a hot mess, but never a fashion disaster.
Clothes are family. Take care of them well.
Create your own style.
Do you want to be original? Then be prepared to be copied!
Dress up your mind and you’ll be able to make all sorts of fashion statements.
Dressed and ready to eliminate competition.
Elegant, dashing, and daring.
Embroider your heart into the fabric of your clothes.
Everything looks good with confidence.
Expressing the boldness of beauty through fashion.
Fabulous clothes make me remember how beautiful life is.
Fashion is not about the brand. It's about the style.
Fashion is just another accessory for someone with great style.
Find your happy colors. They’re the ones that make you feel good inside.
Good clothes open all doors.
I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream.
If you like it, wear it.
Is sensuality at the top of your priority list? If not, then you are undervaluing yourself.
Life is a party, so dress for it.
Life ain’t perfect, but my outfit is!
Make it simple, but significant.
My dreams are made of fabric.
My style is my simple way of conveying the complex things in my mind.
Never confuse elegance for snobbery.
Never forget to wear your smile. It’s the most crucial thing of your get-up.
No matter what style you choose to personify, be original.
Obsessed with shoes.
Once you decide to be yourself, your beauty begins to manifest.
Purchase less by choosing well.
Ready to wear, ready to go.
Real models don't go with the trend. They set the trend.
Style isn’t about what you wear. It’s about how you live.
The joy of dressing is an art.
The way I dress usually tells the state of my being.
Too glam to give a damn.
Unique yet distinctive from others.
We are all but canvases to the art called fashion.
Wear it and own it!
When in doubt, overdress.
You can gain anything you want in life, if you dress for it.
You don’t even have to be generically good-looking. Being well-dressed is enough.
Adornment? What a science! Beauty? What a weapon! Modesty? What elegance!
All is fair in fashion and war.
Am I overdressed? Yes? Great!
Are you saying that fashion is a crime? Then I plead guilty on all accounts!
Be a flamingo in a flock of pigeons.
Deep inside, I’m still wearing my pajamas.
Dogs won’t snarl at you if you’re well-dressed.
Don’t tell anyone, but I’ve got a black belt in shopping.
Dress how you want to be addressed.
Dress like you're going to see your arch-nemesis.
Everything is possible when you’re wearing a cute outfit.
Fine clothes may serve as a fine disguise. Just be careful when you talk, because silly words will disclose a fool.
Give me a darker color and I’ll stop wearing black.
God bless this spicy disaster!
Good clothes really help during bad days.
Humor makes up a large chunk my style.
I hate narcissism, but I approve of vanity.
I just rescued a pair of shoes. They were trapped in a store.
I put the hot in psychotic.
If I’m going to be a mess, I might as well be a hot mess.
In difficult times, fashion is always outrageous.
Life is too short to be wearing the same clothes every single day.
Life is too short to wear boring clothes.
Looking this cheap has actually cost me a lot of money.
My dog approves my style!
My fashion sense isn’t antiquated! It’s just too advanced for this era.
My favorite emails are the ones telling me that my order has been shipped.
Never wear anything that displeases the cat.
Not only did this outfit make me more attractive, it also fixed my posture.
People will stare. Make it worth their while.
Playing dress-up begins at a toddler age and never truly ends.
Sometimes, I think the fashion industry is not ready for my body.
There’s this thing about black clothes that says: "I don’t bother you, so don’t bother me!"
Trendy is the last stage before tacky.
Whoever claimed that money can’t buy happiness just had no idea where to go shopping.
Work now, shop later!
Would you look at that! I still remember how to get dressed.
You’ll have to dress up for the day anyway, so you might as well make it fun!
A sweet and fragrant future awaits a lady who wears nice perfume.
A woman who’s wearing beautiful shoes can never be unattractive.
Accessories are the exclamation marks to a woman’s outfit.
Are you wondering what the secret to my confidence is? Makeup!
Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. Either that or a kick-ass red lipstick!
Bold accessories are my kind of armor.
Chasing dreams in high heels.
Cinderella is my role model. She has good work ethics, and a fine taste for shoes.
Clothes aren’t going to change the world. The women wearing them will.
Dress to entertain yourself.
Dressing up like the perfect doll I am!
Eyes on my outfit, but focus on me.
Fabulous has eight letters, and so does meeeeeee.
Fear a woman who can run in her high heels.
Happy and easygoing girls are the prettiest.
I don’t do petty. I do pretty
I wear makeup to look good, not to look like I’m wearing makeup.
Just like my heels, my standards are high.
Keep your head, heels, and standards high.
Ladies should always be classy and fabulous.
Learn to wear high heels. It’s the secret to living the high life.
Maybe she was born with it.
No fashionable woman lets their clothes wear them.
Not only do my shoes match my bag, but my actions match my words.
Nothing haunts us ladies like the things we didn’t buy.
Passion is the most beautiful makeup.
Pretty, sexy, and well-dressed.
Sweatpants, tied hair, no makeup, and nonchalance—my kind of style!
The more I am comfortable in my own skin, the sexier I become.
There is power in wearing high heels.
When a girl smiles, her dress smiles as well.
With the right pair of shoes, I can conquer the world.
Without foundation, there can be no fashion.
Women who wear black, lead colorful lives.
A few simple outfits is enough. After all, I only have one secret—the simpler, the better!
A little dirt every now and then doesn’t hurt. Let the wind blow your hair. Just keep yourself neat when the situation calls for it.
Always tie your tie properly. It’s the first step to being a gentleman.
Attire yourself appropriately. Unclothed people have little or no influence on society.
Being classy is my very own form of rebellion.
Believe in your own style and stick to it no matter what.
Bow ties are my friends!
Clothes don’t make a man. Clothes, however, have gotten many men good jobs.
Confidence is the key.
Dare to be the best dressed gentleman in the room!
Dress like the gentleman you know yourself to be.
Dress as if you own the world.
Eliminate competition by dressing better!
Find perfection and strive for it.
Fix your hair and brush your teeth. If you’ve done both, then you’re good to go.
Good grooming is a reflection of good manners.
Haircuts have been some of my worst mistakes.
I groom myself not because I am self-important. I do it because I have self-respect.
I have a sense of style. Therefore, I have a sense of self.
If you’re going to ask someone for money, be sure to wear a tie.
Ignore the naysayers and just wear what suits you best!
Just do it...with style.
Keep calm and be a gentleman.
Keep calm and suit up.
Let your style speak for itself.
Looking dignified makes the world see your good manners.
Look good, feel good.
Never doubt your own taste. Whatever you fancy deep in your heart will never be out of style.
Perfection may be out of reach, but not the perfect suit.
Simple yet sophisticated.
Suit yourself up!
Suits never go out of style.
The truly fashionable are beyond fashion.
Who’s a one-man fashion phenomenon? That’s me!
With well-groomed hair and a dandy pair of shoes, you can get away with almost anything.
You don’t find a style. A style finds you!
Always dress like it’s the best day of your life.
Bad vibes don’t go with my outfit.
Boldness is my fashion statement.
Clothing and fashion are kind of my security blanket.
Conformity is the only real fashion crime.
Don’t just stand out. Make them remember you!
Either you know fashion or you don’t. There’s no in-between.
Even high treason is excusable when one is wearing the finest garments.
Fashion is like eating—you shouldn’t stick to the same menu!
Fashion is whatever you wear. Unfashion is what other people wear.
I do fashion to tell a narrative.
I don't do fashion. I am fashion.
I’ve always been fashion conscious.
if you're having a bad day, dress as if it might become your best.
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
Isn’t elegance forgetting what one is wearing?
It’s my job to reinvent and recreate myself every day.
Just like a virus, fashion has infected the modern world.
Keep your body fit, and your mind healthy. It’s the best fashion statement.
Life is a fashion parade.
Luxury is in each detail.
Make every outfit count.
My feet are still on the ground. I’m just wearing better shoes.
One’s personal style is always a hundred-fold better.
Really good clothes never go out of fashion.
Setting my own trends.
Smart. Strong. Silly. Straight up class act.
Style, because your personality isn't the first thing people see.
The first step to acquiring your own style is knowing who you are.
There is no meaning in clothes until someone wears them.
Who says shoes are just for walking?
You either have style or you don't. And if you have it, you have it all the time.
Do you know why I’m always late? It’s because good things always take time.
Girl, I will have to call you back.
If I hide, I bet you gonna seek.
It takes me like 3 days to wake up in the morning.
Life’s a soup and I’m a fork.
You know why they call it a selfie? Because narcissistic is too hard to spell.
If you ever miss the sun, just look at me.
My life’s a gigantic mess and I love it!
When life gives you sh*t, you make a catapult and hurl it back.
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.
Believe in your selfie!
Who’s that handsome devil? Oh, I clicked on my profile again.
I don’t trust only two kinds of people: (1) those I don’t know, and (2) those I do know.
It’s your next favorite celebrity.
Of course I talk like an idiot. How else could you understand me?
Pathetic but aesthetic.
Not heartless. Just using my heart less.
I’m genuine and I trust some of my devotees are as well.
I don’t know where I’m going but I’m on my way.
Selfies are disgusting but not this one!
Never reveal how weird you are to people until it’s too late for them to back out.
Don’t be fooled by my listlessness. I’m actually busy at a cellular level.
You never truly know what you have...until you clean your room.
Trust people who like big butts—they can not lie.
Every time I look at my text book, I think: “What a waste of tree!”
Sure, dating is cool, but have you ever tried an eat-all-you-can buffet?
The very moment the alphabet decided to get involved with mathematics, I quit!
I’m a fun little lollipop triple dipped in psycho.
It’s silly how people try to hurt my feelings. As if I have any.
I was planning on saying something catchy, but I see I already got your attention.
Why you hatin’ instead of appreciatin’?
It’s true that looks aren’t everything. But I have them just in case.
Since math is one of my biggest problems, I have no idea how many other problems I have.
You’re the 9-5, I’m the weekend.
Captions for selfies? Nah, I don’t need them.
Cooking some fantastic bad ideas in my mind.
I’m bitter, dark, and hot—just like your favorite coffee.
Do you wonder why I don’t answer whenever people ask me whether I prefer love or food. Well, that’s because I’m busy eating. 
Stay strong, the weekend is upon us.
Mind me not, just flexing.
Growing up is such a hassle, I muttered to myself in my blanket fort.
There are no bad pictures. This is just how things are when it comes to my face.
Chilling like a gangster.
You know baby, I’d take a Nerf bullet for you.
You call it crazy? I call it fun!
Photobomb me at your own risk!
Don’t tell your girl about me. She might become a fan.
Pic of me being an idiot.
Teeth aren’t forever. Smile!
If my life was a series, it would be an awkward food-themed comedy show.
Not your baby boy.
If you see this, you have a dirty mind.
I’m the bomb, like tick tick.
Occasionally, it takes me a whole day to get absolutely nothing done.
I have no idea how to act my age. I’ve never been this age before.
Master of funniness.
Who’s a good boy? I am!
If you try to tickle, I won’t be liable for your injuries.
Hand me the burger and nobody gets hurt.
And the Darwin award goes to…
Some people have trouble sleeping, but I can do it with my eyes closed.
Not everyone is lucky enough to be as cute as me.
Captions are for losers.
I’d wanna be me as well if I were you.
A daily selfie reminds you what you look like.
They say good boys go to heaven, but I’m a bad boy so I’ll deliver heaven to you.
Teeth aren’t pearly until you laugh!
I’m not always sarcastic, sometimes I’m sleeping.
Some people have “aha” moments, I just have “oh seriously?” moments.
If only my feet were as diligent in jogging as my thumbs are in scrolling.
Baby girl, fall in line.
Trippin’ on skies, sippin’ waterfalls.
Life’s too short to wear matching socks.
My last name is “ever.” My first name is “greatest.”
Remember when I had a girlfriend? Me neither.
Stay trippie, lil hippie.
I don’t always study. But when I do, I don’t.
I really don't like how I look, but I think this one's better than the 23 others I just took.
Eating non-stop is one of my best talents.
I envy my parents. Their kid is the coolest!
My psychic girlfriend didn’t show up!
Whoever thinks money can’t bring you happiness, transfer it to my bank account.
If sleep is so important, why does the day start so early?
According to the Billboard Hot 100 chart, the hottest single of the year is me!
Self confidence is the best middle finger to all the hate.
Whenever I feel like working out, I lie down until the feeling goes away.
Real men don’t take selfies. Well, I just did.
Too blessed to be stressed.
Please play “Drop It Like It’s Hot” when you bury my coffin.
Suns out, guns out.
There are many single socks, yet you don’t see them crying about it.
Always keep your head high. But remember to keep your middle finger higher.
Whatever, I’m retired!
Did anyone say food?
What you’re currently looking at is a fine piece of procrastination.
I see you’re smiling because you’ve got your eyes on me.
May my life be as awesome as how I pretend it to be on Instagram.
I’m like a real-life meme.
Live your fullest today, for tomorrow you might be dead!
Be a wolf, not a twatpopotamus.
Doing nothing is actually not easy. You never know when you’re done.
I’m not just a clown, I’m the whole circus!
Why does my food look way better than me?
It’s so rude that it isn’t Friday yet.
I just cleaned my room. Now I’m all the trash that’s left.
I have to be funny because being hot is not in my dictionary.
1 like? Great! I think the modeling world is ready for me.
I doubt beer is the answer but it’s worth the shot.
Every so often, when I shut my eyes...I can’t see.
My six pack is protected by a layer of fat.
Wifi. Food. My bed. Perfection!
Jut a general life update: “Hungry again!”
I wish I could drop my body off at the gym and pick it back up when it’s ready.
Savor this post. You won't see another one for another twelve months.
You can’t spell awesome without ME.
Another fine day ruined by responsibilities.
Why chase someone when you know you’re the catch?
How could you not fall in love?
Ready to be picked up by the garbage collector.
I don’t know what to write girls, so just look at my face please.
Is my tummy flat? Yup, but the letter “L” is silent.
I know it feels good to stare at me all day, but please give your eyes a rest.
A dirty thought a day keeps the weariness away.
Being single has its own benefits. When I need me, I’m always there.
Sorry, I can’t make everyone happy. I’m not bacon.
Whatever it is, I didn’t do it.
Raise your hand if you don’t know what to do.
My hobbies include eating and thinking about the next time I’ll be eating.
Divas don’t do drama. We do business.
I’m a life-sized doll. And no, you can’t play with me.
If I was a vegetable, I’d be a cabbitch.
I’m the snack that talks back.
Never treat a lady like a dog, else she pisses on you.
Not only am I a bad-ass, I also have a good ass.
Skinny legends don’t share.
I’m the hot tea for today.
Guess who’s going to hell on a full scholarship grant.
Make your ass match your sass. Do squats.
Tight jeans, loose morals.
Dress like you’re already famous!
What a hot mess I am!
I throw sass around like confetti.
Research suggests that women with a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Wake up, workout, look hot.
Posting this selfie to keep you updated that I’m still very cute.
Kinda pissed about not being a mermaid.
I love mirrors because they show me what winners look like.
Stop petting my peeves!
I’m not like other girls. I’m Satan.
You can only grab my booty if you can handle my moody.
Behind every successful man is a woman rolling her eyes.
The only thing resting here is my bitch face.
Never call your selfie ugly. Call it wacky.
The only time I chase guys is when they try to steal my food.
Keep calm and call your stylist.
So you like bad girls? I’m actually bad at everything.
What’s your opinion regarding this picturesque sight?
Someday, I’m going to eye-roll myself into another universe.
Bitches be tripping. Okay, maybe I pushed one.
Picky with men as I am picky with my selfies.
Am I a sweet angel or a naughty devil? You decide.
Suns out, buns out.
When life imitates art.
On a scale of 1-10, how ducky is my duck-face selfie?
Life is short to those with no makeup.
Sometimes, I just want to high five people in the face.
Here’s your daily dose of vitamin me.
Instead of being moody, why not shake your booty?
My face hurts because I can’t stop smiling.
Not sure if this is my “really sweet” mood or my “don’t mess with me” vibe.
Too glam to give a damn.
The seal placed on my mood swing is weakening. Run before it’s too late!
“Perfect” and “meeeeee” both have 7 letters. I don’t think this is a coincidence.
Sarcasm is how I roll.
God bless this hot mess!
Life is always better in pajamas.
There’s a million fish in the ocean. But I’m a mermaid.
‘Tis a girl thing.
When the sun goes down, I glow up.
I must ravage you with warm hugs and passionate kisses.
Netflix just recommended that I watch what I eat.
Messy bun and getting stuff done.
Unapologetically girly.
When life gives you lemons, use them to make your skin glow.
You know what runs through my veins? Glitter and fairy dust.
They told me I could be anything. So, I became sexy.
Idk, I’d wife me.
Mood swings are such a mood.
People call me crazy sometimes. The unicorn in my kitchen tells me otherwise though.
Boys remind me of purses. They’re cute, full of crap, and highly replaceable.
Single but ignoring people like I’m taken.
Life ain’t perfect. But my hair is!
Cold as ice, but in the right hands, I melt.
Don’t let this beauty blind your eyes.
My outfit is inspired by the fact that I woke up 30 minutes late this morning.
Not an angel, but I got a halo.
Mermaids don’t do homework.
I dress up to check myself out at shop windows.
A bit of tummy or ass ain’t gonna hurt nobody.
Flashing my eyes like highway signs.
Cinderella never asked for a prince.
Good girls are bad girls.
I don’t do petty, I do pretty.
Happiness is my new lipstick.
You know why I love eating cake? It gives me more weight, thus making it trickier for me to be kidnapped.
My hairstyle is called—“I Tried.”
I’m nicer when I like my outfit.
She is mad. But she is me.
My name ain’t Mary, but I’m Poppin.
I’m always dressing fresher than a mannequin.
Walking at the makeup aisle is my favorite exercise.
If you think I take selfies all the time, I don’t. I just take them every day.
Being a queen was never my choice. It’s just that the crown fits me so well.
Sugar and spice, but mostly sugar.
Superwoman, Batgirl, and Wonder Woman are all single. I must be a superhero as well!
Me? Out of my mind? Wait for me to get down this unicorn before I slap you.
When life gives you curves, flaunt them!
When a woman is late, do not ask her. The foundation had to dry first.
Normally and falsely seasoned.
My biggest problem? I notice everything.
After God created the first man, he had a better idea.
When reality calls, don’t answer.
I’ve unfollowed a diet because it didn’t follow me back.
I can’t imagine heaven being more beautiful than this.
If I ran like my mouth, I’d be in good shape.
Messy hair, don't care.
Confidence level: Selfie with no filter.
Always dress like you are going to see your arch-nemesis.
Mirrors don’t lie. That’s why I’m glad that they don’t laugh either.
When I woke up this morning, I wasn’t planning on being gorgeous. I guess sh*t just happens.
If you cannot handle the thick thighs, hit the gym.
I am not a shopaholic, I just help the economy.
Why am I wearing black today? Well, I’m mourning the death of my motivation.
It’s always better to arrive late than to arrive ugly.
I love chocolate because it never judges me.
Play with my hair, not me feelings.
Me and all my multiple personalities getting well tonight.
Whoops, I can’t be seen for free. Send the budget.
Why get thinner when you can get more dinner.
Money can’t buy happiness. But it can buy amazing makeup.
Aha, I bet you like what you see!
Love is in the air? I say rid the world of this abominable air pollution.
My relationship status? Netflix, Oreos, and warm-up pants.
When I feel a little down, I put on my favorite high heels and dance.
Am I not beautiful enough? Get your heart checked!
Sure, I do marathons. On Netflix.
I’m a beautiful kind of madness.
Sleep. Eat. Makeup. Repeat.
Who’s that cute person? Oh, I clicked on my profile again.
I like my eyebrows because I can shape them without needing to exercise.
You wanna know my secret talent? I get tired without even doing anything.
Simple like quantum physics.
There are 30 uglier versions of this selfie in my camera roll.
Cute but psycho.
Mastering the art of awkward posing.
So, who ate my food?
Recovering selfie addict.
I feel like I'm already tired tomorrow.
Born to stand out with selfies.
They say there’s no excuse for laziness. Watch me discover one!
Roses are red, I’m going to bed.
Skin on glow, money please grow.
People say I act like I don’t care. Well, I say none of it is an act.
There’s nothing much to see here. Just a pair of weirdos madly in love.
I love you even when I’m hungry.
Is it weird that I think that we’re even weirder together?
I love you more than pizza.
I need you more than I need air.
Why fall in love when you can fall asleep?
You’re all mine, and I’m not sharing.
Let’s fall in love and fall in bed together.
Keep calm and give me a kiss.
Let’s face it, we’re both addicted to this thing called “love.”
How can I face my problem if my problem is your face? I mean, it’s so attractive and mesmerizing!
If you’re lucky enough to find a weirdo like this one, never let them go.
We’re both willing to risk the cooties.
Together, we’ll put Hershey’s out of business! That’s how sweet the two of us are.
You make me smile so much that my face cramps up.
I promise to always be by your side. Or under you. Or on top. Your choice!
Don’t make love by the garden gate. Love is blind, but the neighbors aren’t.
We just found out that kissing burns approximately 6.4 calories per minute.
The first time I texted him, he didn’t reply because he fainted.
The first time I texted her, she didn’t reply because she fainted.
We just want to be happy. And perhaps a little bit naked.
You love flowers, but you cut them. You love animals, but you eat them. You told me that you love me, so now I’m scared.
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
I love you with all my butt. I would say heart, but my butt is bigger.
Fight, make out, repeat. Okay, let’s just skip the “fight” part.
We took the chance on one another and it paid off big time!
You’re the reason why I look down at my phone and then bump on a wall.
Awww...this one followed me home. Can I keep him/her?
It all started with Netflix and Chill.
Relationships are just two people constantly asking one another what they want to eat, until one of them dies.
I think I’m nuts for you. Either that or I’m just plain nuts.
What in the world were you looking for when you found me?!
I’m always in a better place with you. Thanks for cleaning up.
I love you a latte!
We go along like salt and pepper.
We go along like peanut butter and jelly.
We go along like eggs and bacon.
You’re my lifehack.
You’re the cheese to my macaroni.
You’re the frosting on my cake.
You’re my sugar rush!
You’re my favorite flavor.
You are the apple to my pie.
Are you looking for a cute Instagram couple? Well, here we are!
Let’s cuddle so I can steal your body heat.
You’re better than chocolate.
My favorite place is inside your hug.
You stole my heart, but I’ll let you keep it.
We look at each other like how we look at chocolate cake.
You are my today and all of my tomorrows.
My heart stops when you look at me.
You make my heart go doki-doki!
Sometimes, I just wonder and think about how you manage to look cute all the time.
Here’s my favorite person to text, 143 times a day!
All I want to do is taco about you.
You melt my heart like an ice lolly on a sweltering summer day.
You’re the reason I smile whenever I look at my phone.
Love is sharing your popcorn.
You’ve stolen a pizza my heart.
You’re the person I will tease forever.
He calls me beautiful like it’s my actual name.
She calls me handsome like it’s my actual name.
I still fall for you every day. And twice on Sunday!
Sugar and spice, that’s us.
A birthday party without cake is just a meeting.
A simple occasion, a gathering of family and friends, a day that never ends.
Age is just a number.
Another year added to my life experience.
At least two people deserve to be celebrated on every birthday—the one who was born, and the one who gave birth.
Every birthday is an opportunity to start with a clean slate.
Harder, better, faster, stronger.
I owe my long life to my birthday spaghetti.
If I don’t mind my age, then it doesn’t matter. It’s just a classic case of mind over matter!
It’s pointless to spend your life counting the years. Just live it and enjoy every single moment of it.
Keep all the happy moments and turn them into a fine cushion for old age.
Let us welcome the wrinkles with a happy smile on our faces.
Live life and forget thy age.
Life always seems better when it’s your big day.
Making my years count instead of counting the years.
No matter how old I get, I will forever hold on to my inner child.
Old enough to know better but still young enough to get away with it.
So what if it’s my birthday?!
Take every year as a learning experience. Learn enough and you get to be the wisest you could ever be.
The best birthday present of all is love.
Lying about your age is the secret to staying young.
The more we celebrate life, the more we realize that there’s actually a lot in life to celebrate.
The older you get, the more stories you can tell.
There’s always a child inside every older person asking “what the hell happened?”
Three things happen as we grow older. First, we become forgetful. And the rest, I don’t remember.
Today is not the end of another year, but the start of a new one.
Today is the inauguration ceremony of my new 365-day life adventure.
We don’t get older, we get better.
You know you’re not getting any younger when the price of the candles begin to exceed the price of the cake.
Wisdom comes with age. And today, I’m another year wiser.
Wrinkles are proof of a life well smiled.
You’re never too old to be young.
Another birthday? No problem.
Another year, another wrinkle.
Born to shine, especially today.
Calories don’t count today because it’s my special day!
Celebrating the fact that I didn’t die in the last year.
Don’t be fooled by my looks.
Don’t grow up, it’s a trap!
Forget the candles, I want fireworks!
Getting old sucks! From now on, no birthdays for me until further notice.
Happy birthday to the most awesomehuman on this planet—me!
Here’s my obligatory birthday selfie!
I can't keep calm because it's my birthday.
I don’t usually brag, but when I do, it’s because it’s my birthday.
I got the “Happy Birthday” song playing on repeat.
I hope mybirthday cake is as yummy as me.
I think I need help blowing the candles because there’s too many.
I want to grow old enough to frighten children with my looks.
I’m still alive, suckers!
I’ve decided that I won’t age anymore.
Is that birthday cake I smell?
It feels like I’ve only aged 1 year since my last birthday.
It’s my birthday and I’ll laugh all I want today.
It’s proven by science that the more birthdays you celebrate, the longer you live.
Let the birthday shenanigans begin!
Let’s skip the formalities, okay. It’s my special day and I want gifts.
Long live the king/queen!
My birthday is today, but I’ll take presents whenever.
My birthday should be a holiday.
My birthday wish is I want more birthday cake!
My plans for today: party, party, and party!
My youthful face is proof that getting old doesn’t necessarily mean looking old.
Not feeling the wiser thing.
One year closer to death.
Point me in the direction of the birthday cake.
Sassy since birth.
Shhh...I’m making my birthday wish.
To everyone who ever wanted to spank me, now is your chance! It’s my birthday!
To those who didn’t greet me “happy birthday” today, you’ll be unfriended tomorrow.
Today, I’m going to party like it’s my birthday. Oh wait, it is!
Today’s a perfect excuse to drink and party!
Treat me like a king/queen today.
True happiness is knowing that there’s going to be cake for me later.
Wait, wait, wait...I’m how old exactly?!
Wherever the cake is, that is my happy place.
Who’s the hottie that was born on this day? Me!
Woot, I survived another year!
Year after year, this sexy beast only gets sexier.
A toast to the day that’s as special as me.
All I want is to have on my big day.
Another adventure-filled year awaits!
Another birthday and still as gorgeous as ever.
Blessed to see another year.
Bring the cake, it’s my birthday!
Blow up the balloons and bring out the cake. Today is my big day!
Celebrating the anniversary of my birth.
Enjoying the glow of the candles.
Getting old is what I do.
Go shawty, it’s my birthday.
Happy birthday to the other 17.7 million people who are celebrating their birthday today.
Here’s to another year of glamorousness.
I can be naughty all day long today and get away with it.
I’m officially *insert your age here* years old!
I’m so frickin’ happy I was born.
I’m so excited to blow the candles.
Maximum happiness on my very special day.
Only happy thought will be entertained today.
Staying sassy on my birthday.
Still a kid at heart.
Still crazy after all these years.
Still wild after all these years.
So this is what *insert your age here* feels like.
Thanks to everyone who made my *insert your age here* years on earth the best.
The party just begun.
The party starts when I make my entrance.
This has been the best year yet.
This is the beginning of another perfect year.
This year, I’ll be unstoppable!
Today is the youngest I’ll ever be, and the oldest I’ve ever been.
Today, we celebrate not just the birth of a star, but the birth of a superstar!
Waiting for my birthday cake.
Well guys, it’s official: I’m getting old!
Why is today my favorite day? Because it’s all about me today!
Wow, I’m a survivor!
We go together like drunk and disorderly.
Remember that if we ever get caught, you’re deaf, and I don’t speak English.
It’s the friends that you can call at 4 a.m. who matter!
A true friend never lets you do stupid things alone.
You don’t have to be crazy to be my friend.
You can sit with us.
Friends who slay together, stay together.
We finish each other’s sandwiches.
At a point where we’re both comfortable farting proudly around each other.
Friends knock on your door. Best friends casually walk in and start eating.
On our worst behavior.
If I send you my ugly selfies, our friendship is real.
A friend will help you move. A best friend will help you move a dead body.
I love that I don’t have to act socially acceptable around you.
Prepare for trouble, and make it double.
I still remember the time when my best friend was shy and innocent. What have I done? I created a monster!
Best friends don’t question you when you show up at the door with a dead body. They just grab a shovel and follow you.
No one will ever be as entertained by us as us.
Our phones fall, we panic. Our friends fall, we laugh.
Roses are red, violets are blue, and oh—my best friend belongs to the zoo.
My enemy’s enemy is my friend.
Nothing compares to the tummy ache you get from laughing with a best friend.
Let’s do something stupid together.
We’ve been friends for so long I can’t remember which one of us is the bad influence.
Friends buy you food. Best friends eat your food.
Did someone order two crazy best friends?
We annoy each other but still stick together.
Prepare yourselves, Victoria’s Secret models! We’re coming for your careers.
You don’t have to be crazy to be my friend. I’ll train you.
And thus, the ultimate friendship was forged.
A true friend stabs you in the front.
Since birth, I was an innocent human being. Then my best friend came along.
We don’t judge each other. We judge other people together.
We’d be in a mental institution if people heard what we’ve been talking about all this time.
You’re stuck with me because you know too much already.
A best friend is all the therapy I need.
Finding a best friend with the same mental disorder: “Priceless!”
I’ll take a Nerf bullet for you.
Forever and always.
Partners in crime!
We gonna be like this forever!
Always better together.
Lucky and loved.
Happy faces.
Two peas in a pod.
The happy days are rolling.
Too glam to give a damn.
We’re both made of the same stuff.
Two halves of a whole.
Fun times and great memories.
Just keep swimming together.
A duo of weirdos.
My non-biological sibling.
Just having fun.
We wield the power of friendship.
We twinkle like the stars.
So happy together.
Comfy with my bestie.
We’re just peachy.
All I need is silly, old you.
Different yet so similar.
Inseparable.
Let’s wander around.
We’re a small gang.
Through thick and thin.
This is how we roll.
Two heads are better than one.
Sprinkles and pixie dust.
Together, we’re unstoppable!
Different but besties!
All you need is love...and a cat.
Can you see the family resemblance?
Crazy cat human? I prefer "dedicated feline enthusiast."
Cuddling with my fuzzy best friend.
Getting a selfie with my cat is mission impawssible!
Grateful that my cat can’t talk. He knows too much!
Happy Caturday from the floof and me!
Having a cat is so similar to eating M&Ms. You can’t just have one.
Home is where my cuddly fur baby is.
I paw-sitively love my cat.
If you’ll allow it, I wish to spend all nine lives with you.
I'm happily owned by a cat.
I'm so fur-tunate to have a best friend like mew.
I don’t usually take selfies, but my kitty was so purr-suasive!
I love this feline!
Let’s spend fur-ever together.
Look at my meow-gical cat!
Meow is the time for a selfie with my furry friend.
Meow is the time to chill and take selfies.
My cat kneads me.
My love for you is even greater than your love for catnip.
My selfies are just better with you in them.
No matter how bad your day is, your cat will always make you smile.
Smile for the camera, kitty!
Sorry, I can't go. My cat needs cuddles.
Sorry, I'm going to be late. My cat is snoozing on my lap.
The more I get to know people, the more I love my kitty.
The only narcissist I have room for in my life is my cat.
To me, you are purr-fect.
Watch out because we’re plotting your downfall.
We are litter-ally the cutest!
We’re both feline lucky today.
We're looking good and feline good.
We've got cattitude!
When I'm with you, I'm feline good.
With my cute little friend by my side, anything is paw-sible.
Wondering who’s in charge? It’s the cat.
You had me at meow.
You will always have a place in my heart, meow and fur-ever!
Cat owners know that no one really owns a cat.
Cats rule!
Collect moments, not things. Unless those things are cats.
Cuteness overload!
Deep inside, we all wanted to be a cat.
Dogs are okay, but cats are better.
Given the chance to talk, cats definitely wouldn’t.
Hey fluffballs, say meow!
Home is where cats are well-fed.
I paw-fer my selfies with cats.
I’ve seen scholars and cats, but cats are much more superior.
If I had to choose between cats and humans, I’d definitely choose cats!
If only cats grew into kittens.
If you don’t like cats, you don’t like me.
It showed up, it purred, it captivated my heart.
In their eyes, the world belongs to them.
Is it just me or do they look like that they want to rip my face off?
It’s the annual cat congregation.
Life is better with cats.
Live long and paws-purr!
May the power of cats compel you!
Meow is the time to worship a cat.
My heart pounds whenever I see a cat.
No matter how high you meow, you will never be able to keep me away from you.
No matter how small, cats will always see themselves as ferocious tigers.
One cat just leads to another.
Paws life and relax.
Tell me something that’s more soothing than a cat’s greeting.
The only reason I’m here is so that I can pet all the cats!
The world is their playground.
These fuzzy creatures are always photogenic.
They majestic creatures seem to have never forgotten that humans used to worship them.
They had me at meow.
They look like they’re plotting revenge.
Watching a cat sleep soundly is one of life’s greatest pleasures.
What a beautiful cat!
Whenever I see a cat, I realize that love is actually a four-legged word.
Yes, I’m madly in love with cats! What's your point?
You loathe cats? You were probably a mouse in your past life.
You’re the reason I can smile like this.
If you’re staring at me right now, there’s no need to be embarrassed. It just means you’re interested.
If you’re looking at this, it’s too late. You’re mine now!
If you like this, then you like me.
Admit it, I know you miss me.
My heart is all yours. Heck, you can have my ass too.
There’s nothing in the world that I hate doing more than waiting. But if it’s waiting for you, I’ll gladly do it without any complaints.
You always pop up in my 3am thoughts.
If you’re reading this, I love you.
Do you need a place to stay? My heart is open for you.
Are you wondering what you’re missing in your life? Me.
What am I doing in your inappropriate thoughts right now?
Just say the word and I’m yours.
You don’t even have to ask. The answer is yes!
The only reason I learned how to flirt isto woo you.
Let keep it short and simple, I like you.
If you fall in love with me, I’m not responsible for any damages. Consider yourself warned.
Guess what I’m thinking about right now? You.
If we were together right now, what would we be doing?
Even if I don’t see you, I will never lose sight of you in my mind.
Yup, what you’re experiencing right now is love at first sight.
You’re not dreaming, you’re wide awake. Seeing me must be a dream come true.
Excuse me, why are you so sexy?
I’m busy thinking of all the naughty stuff we can do.
Will you give hope to this hopeless romantic?
Look into my eyes and you’ll see paradise.
I’m S.I.N.G.L.E.: Sexy, Innocent, Naughty, Gorgeous, Lustful, and Exciting!
I really want to kiss you right now.
If it’s hard for you to get me out of your head, then perhaps I’m supposed to be there.
Let’s do some “we shouldn’t be doing this” kind of things.
Thinking of you is my favorite part of the day.
I’m only here so I can eat more later.
I hit the gym so I won’t have to hit you.
I’m torn between cardio and pizza.
This guy/girl is on fire! But seriously, my muscles are burning.
I’m sweating like a sinner at church.
Obligatory gym selfie!
I don’t sweat, I sparkle.
I just finished some squats and didn’t toot once.
I’m here for the workout selfie.
Shut up and squat!
Dear fat: Prepare to die! Sincerely, me.
Do I have abs yet?
I ate healthy and exercised today. I better wake up skinny tomorrow.
I work out so I can drink beer.
If being sarcastic burned tons of calories, I’d be one skinny b*tch.
Do it for the after-selfie.
Say squeeze!
What kind of wine goes with squats?
Quit slacking and make sh*t happen!
Glutes for the sloots.
No curls, no gurls.
Did you say exercise? I thought you said extra fries.
I got 99 problems, but a bench ain’t one!
Gotta squat before I tie the knot.
I go to the gym because clearly my amazing personality deserves an awesome body to go with it.
Cardio? Is that Spanish?
I wear black in the gym because it’s like a funeral for my fat.
If you still look cute after the gym, you didn’t work out hard enough.
Run like there’s an attractive person in front of you and a creepy one behind you.
I’ve got 99 problems, but I’m going to the gym and ignoring all of them.
Don’t train to be skinny. Train to be a badass!
I work out to burn off the crazy.
The only running I do is running out of money!
Rows for the hoes.
Anyone need a ticket to my gun show?
Okay, fine, I’ll run, but I’m going to be complaining the whole time.
I like to run, and by run I mean take naps.
If you have time for social media, then you have time for exercise.
Already planning what I’m going to eat after this.
Lifting and eating—my two favorite things in life.
Sweat is pretty.
Squat because nobody ever wrote a song about a small ass.
Body type: Works out but definitely likes donuts.
I go to the gym because I think my great personality could use a banging body.
Run as if your phone’s remaining battery life is 1%.
Hakuna musquata—it means nice booty for the rest of your days.
And he/she lifted happily ever after.
Talking the talk and walking the walk!
Go hard or go home.
Be a badass with a good ass.
Fit and fab!
Ain’t nobody got time for fat!
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Go to the gym!
I’ll meet you at the bar...bell.
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow.
Sweat is the best highlighter.
Lifting weights and getting dates.
Eat clean, train dirty.
Train insane or remain the same.
A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure.
Always have high standards and low squats.
Of course it’s heavy. That’s why they call it weight.
Life indeed has its ups and downs. I call them squats.
Stop stopping yourself.
Setting goals and crushing them!
Hustle for that muscle.
Getting fit is all about mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter.
Sore today, strong tomorrow.
I’m working on myself for myself, by myself.
Sweat is my body crying.
Good things come to those who sweat.
Banging weights and slamming plates.
I have to exercise in the morning before my brain figures out what I’m doing.
A pint of sweat will save a gallon of blood.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Sweat now, shine later.
No agony, no bragony.
Doubt me, hate me: You’re the inspiration I need.
Take care of your body. It’s where you live.
The only bad workout is the one you didn’t do.
Biceps are the boners of your arms.
Muscles are torn in the gym, fed in the kitchen, and built in bed.
You don’t get the ass you want by sitting on it.
No pain, no gain.
Winners train. Losers complain.
Eat big. Lift big. Get big.
Believe in yourself and you will be unstoppable.
Excuses don’t burn calories!
Whenever my body shouts STOP, my mind screams NEVER!
I’m not stopping until I’m proud of myself.
Slow progress is still progress.
Eyes on the prize.
On good days, work out. On bad days, work out harder.
Do it for yourself.
Exercise is a celebration of what your body can do, not a punishment for what you ate.
In two weeks, you’ll feel it. In four weeks, you’ll see it. In eight weeks, you’ll hear it.
Seize the day at the gym!
I want to see what happens if I don’t give up.
There’s no secret formula. I lift heavy, work hard, and aim to be the best that I can be.
Don’t decrease the goal. Increase the effort!
Go for it.
When it comes to fitness, never settle for less!
I know what I want and I’m gonna get it.
Progress is progress, no matter how small.
I will sacrifice whatever is necessary to be the best.
Train like a beast, look like a beauty.
If you’re tired of starting over, stop giving up.
Dieting doesn’t have to be a chore.
Just do it.
Every step is progress.
Fall down seven times, get up eight.
A one-hour workout is 4% of your day. No excuses.
No excuse is stronger than you are.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Be stronger than your excuse.
It hurts now, but one day, it will be your warm-up.
A bad day can be made better by going to the gym.
Fitness is not about being better than someone. Fitness is about being better than the person you were yesterday.
Always be a work-in-progress.
Wanna see my guns?
Don’t tell anyone your plans. Instead, show them your results.
Easy? Nope. Worth it? Absolutely!
My future self will surely thank me for this.
Gym is life!
I did not wake up today just to be mediocre.
I am strong.
I’m doing this for me.
Create healthy habits, not restrictions.
Find your fire and let it burn bright.
When you feel like dying, do 10 more.
I think I fell in love with taking care of my body.
Keep your squats low and your standards high.
Work out. Eat well. Be patient. Your body will reward you.
I’m a go-getter.
I will prove them wrong.
Make it happen, shock everyone.
Slow but steady.
If you're not strong, you're weak.
Some people like going to the pub. I prefer the gym.
Mindset is everything.
The body achieves what the mind believes.
Gym is my therapy.
I’m in a good place right now. Not emotionally, I’m just at the gym.
Friends that sweat together, stay together.
I believe in eating what I like and sweating it out in the gym.
The best activities for your health are pumping and humping.
I bend so I don’t break.
You get what you work for, not what you wish for.
If you want to know the correct way to perform an exercise, the answer is: ‘Whatever hurts most!’
This is how I make things happen.
You get what you work for.
My muscles are hungover.
Fitness isn’t just about hitting the gym. It’s also about invigorating your inner happiness and improving your overall well-being.
Exercise is the best drug for me.
It’s a slow process, but quitting won’t speed it up.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
A smile never goes out of style.
All it takes for anyone to live a happier life is to live it one smile at a time.
Be your own reason for your happiness.
Believe you can, and you’re halfway there.
Bringing the sun wherever I go.
Chin up, buttercup!
Compassion has this way of making both sides happy.
Depend on as little as possible, and you’ll be happier in life.
Do more of what makes you happy.
Enjoying life as it is.
First, you get what you want. Then, you enjoy it. Many people often forget to do the second.
Good food is happiness incarnate.
Happiness makes you glow better.
Happy people are always beautiful.
Happy thoughts, happy life.
Have the courage to be happy.
If it makes you happy, do it a thousand and one times.
If someone makes you happy, make them happier.
It’s magical how happy you become once you make someone else happy.
Just enjoy the roller-coaster ride called life.
Keep the smile on!
Learn to give yourself big, warm hugs.
Life is the best party I’ve ever been to.
Look beyond all the imperfections, and you’ll get a glimpse of happiness.
Love, work, and luck—the trifecta of happiness!
Make knowledge your friend, and it’ll tell you where happiness is.
Miles of smiles.
Oh, happy day.
People often don’t realize that happiness doesn’t live in any one address. Happiness is actually everywhere!
Remember that there is never a shortage of beautiful reasons to be happy.
Smiles attract happiness like a magnet.
Stop wasting time looking for happiness, for contentment has always been the key.
Studies suggest that the happier someone is, the more attractive they become.
Take time to make your soul happy.
The future is bright.
Think of happiness as your default state, and you’ll be happier than ever.
What we all need is something to cherish, something to get busy with, and something to look forward to. With these three, anyone can live in eternal bliss.
You decide your own happiness, so be happy as you want to.
A positive outlook leads to a wonderful glow on the face.
A happy aura is the best shield against the cruel world.
Be thankful for the little things, the gigantic things, and everything in between.
Be happy with your flaws because you’re perfectly imperfect!
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Count not the troubles but the joys.
Everyone would be enjoying life more if they just stopped looking for happiness desperately.
Happiness is a function of accepting what is.
If you love and appreciate what you currently have, then you actually have everything that you need.
It’s no coincidence that grass is always greener where you water it. The same goes for the happiness that you spread.
Judge nothing, forgive everything, and love everything. Practice these three and you’ll always be happy.
Just like a butterfly, happiness has no intention of being caught. It only willingly alights upon those who deserve it.
Learning to extract happiness from the littlest of things in life is what makes a happy soul.
Life is too short to be anything but happy.
More often than not, people are about as happy as they choose and decide to be.
Nothing like a sore tummy from laughing so hard.
Oddly enough, one can find happiness in possessing both good health and bad memory.
Once you accept that you do not necessarily need happiness, you start to become happier.
One of the most effective ways to cheer yourself up is to cheer someone else up.
Optimism is a happiness magnet. Positivity attracts good fortune, good vibes, and good people.
Profound appreciation of the tiny details in life is the true secret of happiness.
The moment you decide to relinquish all of the things that burden you, the moment you realize that you can actually fly.
There is actually nothing that can cure what happiness cannot. It is the ultimate panacea!
There is no such thing as wasted time when you’re happy during that time.
Thoughts become things, so think happy thoughts.
Treasure every little convenience or pleasure, for they’re the real source of happiness.
Simplicity makes one happy.
Something to do keeps one happy.
When it rains, look for rainbows. When it’s dark, look for stars.
When you realize that you actually lack nothing, the whole world submits itself to you as its owner.
You really don’t need to wait for someone to give you a good time. You can do it yourself!
Alcohol is proof that God wants us to be happy.
Am I happy? I’m not sure. But crazy? Definitely!
Being able to laugh with cause means you’ve found happiness. That, or you’ve just become crazy.
Being happy is the best skincare routine.
Bubble is a happy word. You can never say it in an angry tone.
Do or donut.
Don’t mind others. Just be happy with yourself.
Enjoy life now! There’s more than enough time to be dead thereafter.
Even my thoughts are running wild with happiness.
Every once in a while, you just got to keep the good news to yourself.
For every minute of unhappiness, you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Glitter is always an option.
Hakuna matata!
Happy is the new rich.
Have you ever seen anyone who’s holding a balloon unhappy?
If you think of happiness as the interval between episodes of unhappiness, it sounds all the better.
I’ll just “hehe” my way through life.
I’m kind of paranoid, but in a weird way! I find people who are plotting to make me happy really suspicious.
I’m walking on sunshine, whoooaaoooaa!
If being happy was a crime, I’d probably be in a high-security prison right now.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade, lemon bars, lemon chicken, and lemon cake. Host a lemon party!
It’s just Monday, not doomsday.
Let the wrinkles from smiling come!
Life would be better if we all had a tails to wag.
Make today a glitter-filled bag of rainbows and unicorns.
Money can’t buy happiness, but I’ll take the money.
No one actually cares about you being unhappy, so you might as well be happy.
Nothing like a free day with absolutely nothing to do.
Normally, I don’t like spoilers. But, the spoiler that we all die in the end? Now that’s kinda enlightening!
People are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centered. Love them anyway.
Putting on my positive pants!
Some people cause happiness wherever they go. And others, whenever they go.
Smack yourself in the ass and seize the day!
Smile, it’s Friday!
Smiling while I still have teeth.
Sparkling the morning sun.
Spreading happiness like it’s the plague.
There are only two kinds of days in my life: happy days and hysterically happy days!
What’s my favorite time of the day? It’s happy hour!
Who knew that the best cosmetic for beauty is happiness?
Why go for a happy ending when you can have a happy now?
Yay, just yay!
You will never find bad vibes going well with my outfits. They just don’t match!
A golden state of mind.
All is well with my soul.
Attacking every single day with enthusiasm.
Be happy with what you have, and be excited about what you want.
Being always happy is my kind of style.
Bliss usually only comes to those who don’t chase it.
Bring on the endless sunshine!
Celebrating life like it’s a life-long party.
Cheers to the happily ever after.
Do it because it makes you happy.
Each day is a new day to be happy.
Excuse me while I kiss all my worries away.
Expect little, enjoy more.
Felicity found a soul mate in me.
Finding joy in the ordinary.
Floating on cloud nine.
Happiness runs through my veins.
Happy-go-lucky!
Happy lil’ thang!
I think it’s about time for me to be happy again.
If you’re happy and you know it, clap your hands.
Is happiness a right or a privilege? It’s neither because it’s a choice.
Joy comes in sips, not gulps.
Just the deleted the “all things that could go wrong” file in my mind.
Laughing for the rest of my life.
Letting my smile be my autograph.
Living life in the warmest shades of yellows.
Living my dreams until they become my reality.
My kind of problems are those that I enjoy having and enjoy solving.
Nothing to do today but smile.
Now serving: homemade happiness.
The best time to be happy is always now.
Think happy, stay happy.
To love and be loved—this is the only kind of happiness I need.
Today’s happiness is sponsored by snacks and sweets.
Soul full-charged with happiness.
Starting the day with a grateful heart.
Sugar, spice, and everything nice.
Sunny vibes only.
Today, I will not stress over things that are way out of my control.
Whenever I sweat the small stuff, I sweat sparkles and confetti.
All guests must be approved by the dog.
Always kiss your dog good night.
Be the awesome human your doggo thinks you are.
Blessed and dog obsessed.
Crazy dog human.
Do you like our self-pawtrait?
For all the times you stood by my side and made me happy, thank you.
Here’s my most favorite creature in the world!
Here’s the tail-wagger that gives me so much happiness.
Hope you have a paw-some day.
Howl you doing?
I cherish this mutt so much!
I melt whenever this floof looks at me.
If I could be half the person my dog is, I'd be twice the human I am.
If my mutt ain’t happy, then neither am I!
Life is ruff when you're this cute.
Life is too short for you to not spoil your woofer.
Lifeguard on duty!
Many people say that I love my doggy too much.
Me and my buddy!
Meet the protector the realm...err...my house.
My best fur-riend ever!
My best friend is well-trained.
My mutt always comes first.
My dog thinks I’m a catch.
My dogness!
My daily dose of sunshine doesn’t come from the sky.
My life’s all set with this doggo by my side.
No day is ruff with you around.
No one understands me better than this fluffy floof.
Not to brag or anything, but my presence is kind of a big deal to my doggo.
Oh my dog!
Petting can wait. Selfie first.
Quality time with my beloved pupper.
Selfie with my therapist.
So fur-ocious!
Sometimes, you just need to relax on the floor with your woofer.
Sorry, I can’t. I made prior plans with my doggo.
Thank you fur all the memories!
The chances of me liking you depends on whether my doggo likes you or not.
The more I get to know people, the more I love my doggo.
There is no cuter dog than this one. It’s just im-paw-sible.
There’s only one reason why I work so hard. It’s so my precious pooch can have nice things.
This must be puppy love!
To my bone-afied best friend!
Warning: Cuteness Overload!
We are su-paw stars!
We look quite fetching.
We’re bad to the bone!
We’re out for a walk.
What could my doggy have named me? I’m curious!
Who said I’m single? I have a dog-friend!
Without you, life would be so ruff!
You are paw-fection!
You’ll find me wherever my woofer is!
Your dog may be cool, but mine is cooler!
Your fuzzy paw is what I found when I needed a hand.
Yup, my best friend is a dog.
A fun day out with my hooman.
Being super adorable is so friggin’ ruff.
Before you can reach my master, you have to go through me.
BFF selfie time!
Bow-wow to us!
Enough with the selfies, hooman. Feed me.
Fetch? Nah, it won’t happen.
Gimme a treat!
Give me all your food.
Having a good fur day.
Hello, human! Worry no more 'coz I’m here.
Hey, no humans allowed on the bed!
I enjoy hanging out with my hooman.
I love you furry much, hooman!
I will always woof you.
I woof you so much!
If I fits, I sits.
If you wanted that ball, why did you throw it?
Lemme lick your face.
Live, love, bark!
Me and my fren.
Me, spoiled? Nope, my master is just well-trained!
Must steal hooman’s heart. Later, I can steal the bed.
No words needed, I feel so grassy.
Paw-sitively adorable!
Please excuse my drool.
RAWR!
Silly human.
Stay paw-sitive, hooman!
Stop bothering me, I’m working on my tan.
Sun’s out, tongues out!
This hooman is mine!
We’re doing secret fluff stuff.
What the floof!
Woof, woof!
A daily dose of cuteness.
A puppy pup world.
All my children have paws.
And so, the snuggles and treats begin.
Check out my loyal friends.
Dogs make things better.
Dogs or people? Of course, I’d choose dogs!
Eat, sleep, and play...like dogs.
First, they steal your heart. Then they steal your bed.
Guess who gets easily distracted by dogs? Me!
How would I describe my favorite people? Fluffy and loyal!
I like big mutts and I cannot lie.
I love woofers so much!
I’m here to pet all the dogs.
If you love today as much as we do, raise your paw!
It's time to get this paw-ty started!
Just listen carefully and you’ll understand their bow-wows.
Leaving pawprints on my heart, one step at a time.
Let’s paw-ty!
Must. Pet. All. The. Dogs.
Not every dog is a good boy. Some are good girls!
Paw prints fill the pavement of the road to my heart.
Pooches really know how to turn ruff days around.
Real friends have fluffy fur and a waggy tail.
Stop hounding me!
Studies suggest that the average pup is nicer than the average person.
Thank heavens for the miraculous caretakers we call dogs.
There’s no way I’m going to heaven if there are no dogs there.
There’s nothing better than sloppy dog kisses?
These loyal creatures ask nothing but your company.
They ask for so little, yet deserve so much.
They follow those who feed them.
They’re a little ruff around the edges, but always fluffy!
Who let the dogs out?
Without dogs, life is empty.
Without even trying, dogs can bring happiness everywhere they go.
You can tell by the kindness dogs how a humans should be.
A dog can fill your heart without trying.
Beware of the dog! It will lick its way to your heart.
Behold the magnificent pupper!
Breath in. Paws. Reflect. Breath out.
Dog is God spelled backward.
Dog licks can fix everything!
Happiness begins with a wet nose and ends with a fluffy tail.
Have you ever wiped your dog’s eye boogers away? That’s true love.
Here, hold my drink. I must pet this doggy no matter what.
Home is where the floof is.
I have too many dogs, said no one ever.
I love how doggos jiggle their fluffy butts.
If mutts knew how to talk, everyone’s secrets would be safe.
If you’re not covered in dog hair, then you’re missing something.
Just look at this fluffy bundle of joy!
Keep calm and pet a dog.
Life is always better with a doggy.
Live life like a dog and you’ll never know stress.
Need a friend? Get a dog.
No one is ever wrong for claiming that they have the best dog in the world.
Nothing is fake about this friendship. It’s fur real!
Only come if you like dogs.
Only paw-sitive vibes are allowed.
There’s no escaping the pup-arazzi!
These beautiful creatures love you more than you love yourself.
Wag more, bark less.
What's up, dog?
Wish it. Love it. Hug it.
Woofers can make anything paw-sible!
Would it even be a home if it didn’t have floof hair and foo foo pawprints?
You know you’re home when someone excitedly runs to greet you.
You had me at woof.
A multitude of people, yet loneliness creeps.
And just like that, I’m forgotten.
All they notice are my mistakes.
Alone and ignored.
Am I sad? Not really, but I feel quite empty.
Because when I sleep, the feelings of sadness, anger, and loneliness cease to exist.
Cry, not when the sun has set, for the tears will hinder you from seeing the stars.
Everyone goes through phases and all, don’t they?
Feeling too much! Everything just goes straight to my heart.
Getting flashbacks suck when they’re memories that you’ve always wanted to forget.
Have you ever cried after keeping in all your feelings for so long?
I need a break from my own thoughts.
I’m not okay, but it’s okay.
I’m that one friend who’s forgotten.
Just because I can carry my troubles well doesn’t mean I don’t feel the crushing weight.
Let the tears come and water your soul.
Memories hurt.
My only wish right now is to fall asleep before I fall apart.
Neither friends nor enemies. Just strangers with some memories.
Never have I intended to give up on anyone. But there were some doleful times where I had to.
No more. I don’t want to think anymore.
No one cares anyway.
Nobody knows about the emotional breakdowns I experience when I’m alone. Everyone only knows about the smiles and laughs I show them.
Not broken. Just a muddle of everyone and everything I once knew.
Pain is hard to avoid. Actually, just the act trying to avoid it is already a pain.
People come, people go. In the end, it’s just you.
Pretending to be happy, hoping that the saying “fake it till you make it” actualizes.
Remember that pessimism isn’t really bad at all. People will disappoint you eventually, and you are going to do the same.
Slowly but surely, people stop reaching out. Then all of a sudden, you’re all alone.
Sobbing alone in some room, and then walking out like nothing ever happened.
Such is the cruelty of life! It often tries to get in the way of our dreams.
The only broken instrument that works is the heart.
Things change, and friends leave. Indeed, life stops for no one.
Unfortunately, being okay takes a lot of work.
What’s the point of it all?
Whenever happiness visits me, bad things happen right after. I’ve been afraid of happiness since then.
Wouldn’t it be terrific if we could turn back time? We could wipe all the sad moments away. But then, all the happy moments would vanish too.
Yearning for the times when my smile was real.
You can’t be lonely when you’ve always been alone in the first place.
Admit it, you’re waiting for something that has no chance of happening.
Alone, I feel sad. Amongst others, I feel even more sad.
Behind every “it’s okay” is a little pain.
Clowns need laughter too.
Do you ever think about your well-being and realize how not okay you are?
Drowning in a whirlpool of emotions.
Even my imaginary friends avoid me.
Every now and then, I just disappear. It’s kind of my thing, really.
Family and friends? I’ve got a lot of those! But why do I feel so alone?
Have you ever woken up pre-sad? It’s like nothing even happened yet, butyou’re already sad.
Here I am expecting too much from people again.
I loathe loneliness, but it loves me.
If people could step into my shoes, their hearts would immediately break.
If you threw a match at me, I'd probably explode.
It was when I woke up that the nightmare began.
Living, but no one notices.
Lost in a world that doesn’t exist.
Maybe it was as possible to succeed as a failure as it was to fail at succeeding.
My own expectations caused most of the pain I’ve ever experienced in my life.
Nothing like a tear running down a cheek.
Numb is my default mood.
Old memories sometimes creep out of my eyes and slip down my cheeks.
Smiling and trying to keep the tears from falling.
The world is falling apart, yet all I can do is stare blankly.
These are days where everyday clothes feel like weighted blankets.
To let go or to hold on? Which is more painful?
Welcome to my struggle.
What to do with all the sadness? Channel it and convert it into creative energy.
Whenever I’m sad, I just go to my favorite place—the fridge!
Where should I go? To the left where nothing is right, or to the right where nothing is left?
Who was it that dumped my dreams in a ditch? It was me.
Why is it raining despite the absence of clouds?
A day that doesn’t feel like I’m falling apart would be nice.
And then, I thought that maybe I was meant to be alone.
And suddenly, we were strangers again.
Beauty lies in everything but me.
Being alone isn’t really as bad as being with people who make you feel alone.
Deep inside, I’m hurting. But it’s okay. I’m used to it.
Did I lose a friend? Nope, I just realized I never had one.
Even a million tears won’t bring anything back.
Even when I was left all alone, I didn’t give up.
Feeling sad, but I still try to smile. That’s my life.
Help me before my heart gets too cold.
Hiding a thousand feelings behind the happiest smile.
How much more can I take?
I act like it isn’t a big deal, when really, I am breaking my heart.
I feel like I’m waiting for something that is never going to happen.
I hate that I’m still hoping.
I said I’m fine. But, am I really?
If only memories can be wiped as easily as tears.
In silence, no one answers.
It’s not like I can’t feel pain. It’s just that I can tolerate it much better.
It’s weird, but when I recall happy moments during my despairing moments, I get even sadder.
Keeping a lot to myself because it’s difficult to find people who understand.
Lord help my poor soul.
My mind is currently wandering in a dark and terrible place.
No one knows how much I cried that day.
No, I may not be physically alone. But mentally, there is no one in sight.
Not good enough. Never good enough.
Off to world where there are no disappointments and no expectations. Just alone.
People leave me like I am never a reason to stay.
Please don’t wake me up. I have a much better time when I’m asleep.
Please heal my wounded heart.
Promenading under the rain can be nice. After all, no one notices my tears.
Slowly fading away and no one is even noticing.
So why am I still hoping?
To tell you the truth, I’ve been avoiding everything.
Truth be told, I do care. But I’m done trying.
Weeping again, drunk on the impossible past.
Well, it doesn’t matter anymore.
Why do they always want me to be what I can’t become?
Why do people have to experience loneliness?
A party without cake is just a meeting.
A ready-to-eat slice of heaven.
A smile with a frosting on it.
Baked just right.
Because every cake has a story to tell.
Bring on the cake!
Cake never asks me dumb questions. Cake understands.
Cake is for life, not just for birthdays!
Come to the dark side. We have cupcakes.
Crazy for cakes!
Defender of delectable treats.
Don’t wait until it’s too late. Eat that slice of cake!
Eat, sleep, and stay happy.
For goodness sake, eat some cake!
Forget the calories and just be happy.
Forget the fork and dig right in!
Fresh out of the oven.
Happiness starts here.
How do I like my eggs? In a cake, duh.
I didn’t seek out the cake. The cake came to me.
I like big bundts and I cannot lie.
I'll take another slice of that.
I’m not a cake addict! I’m just a little clingy to it.
If eating cake is wrong, then I don’t want to be right.
If I don’t have some cake soon, I might die.
If I was turned into cake, I would eat myself before anyone else could.
If there’s a cake in front of you, then you shouldn’t look any further for joy!
If we are what we eat, then I’m awfully sweet.
Just another sweet moment in life.
Let's face it, a nice creamy chocolate cake does a lot for a lot of people; it does for me.
Life is better with sprinkles on top.
Life is fun, eat it up.
Life is short, so make it sweet.
Live the sweet life!
Look upon the world like it’s a gigantic birthday cake. Take a piece, but don’t take too much.
Love at first bite.
Made just for me.
Merely staring at cake is putting pounds on me.
My OCD (Obsessive Cake Disorder) is getting out of control!
My sweet tooth is tingling.
Nothing in this world is better than cake but more cake.
Obsessive doesn’t even begin to describe my love for cake. I’ll even fight little children if I have to.
Put “eat cake” on top of your to-do list today and you’re sure to get at least one task done.
Remember, you don’t need to justify eating a whole cake to anyone.
Stuffing my face with frosting.
Sugarcoating everything is my specialty.
Sweetest slice of paradise.
Taking pleasure to the next level.
This is just too beautiful to eat!
Topped with a smile.
Try it once, and forget the rest!
Unspeakably delicious!
What a heavenly delight!
Whatever sprinkles your cupcake!
When fun meets yum.
When in doubt, eat a cake.
Why do I drink diet soda? It’s so I can eat cake later.
Without icing, it’s just bread. I don’t like bread.
You think I won’t eat this cake? Fat chance!
A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
Always carry a knife with you. Sometimes, cake appears without any warning.
Begin each day like it’s your birthday.
Cake is happiness in a tangible and edible form.
Cake will always be the answer. The question is irrelevant.
Chocolate cake has eggs in it, which is perfectly good for breakfast.
Count the memories, not the calories.
Delicious to the last piece.
Eat well, be happy.
Eating cake every day is totally acceptable and justifiable. After all, it’s somebody birthday somewhere in the world.
Every day is an opportunity to celebrate.
Every unique individual deserves an equally special cake.
Happiness is when you’re having a bad day and it suddenly rains cupcakes.
Having a balanced diet means having a piece of cake in both hands.
Heaven is just a cupcake away.
Home is where the cake is.
If you bake a cake, the world has one more cake.
Keeping a cake fresh and moist is super easy! You just have to eat it in one sitting.
Let them eat cake!
Like a layer cake, life has its ups and downs. However, whether you frost it up or style it with all sorts of toppings and decorations is all up to you.
Life is short but certainly sweet.
Love is the frosting of life.
Love is when you have a mouth-watering slice of cake, and it's the very last piece, but you let your loved ones have it.
No occasion is ever complete without a cake.
Pick up all the broken shards of your life and bake them into a delicious cake.
Romance is the icing in the game of love.
Sprinkle joy every now and then and it will eventually come back to you.
The heavier you are, the more difficult it is for anyone to kidnap you. So, stay safe, and eat cake!
The smell of a freshly baked cake awakens my soul.
Truly, the best things in life are sweet.
When life goes awry, having a piece of cake is the way to go about it.
Where there is cake, there is hope.
Without dreams, one would be no greater than a cake with no icing.
You will never see an unhappy person holding a cupcake.
Ah, my butter half.
Alive and cake-ing.
All is fair in love and cupcakes.
All good things mousse come to an end.
Bake the world a batter place.
Batter-flies in my stomach.
Be good for goodness cake!
Batter late than never.
Cake back and relax.
Cake me away.
Certified cake-aholic!
Cut my cake into pieces. This is my last re-torte.
Divide into multiple slices and conquer!
Do you even sift?
Don’t be afraid to take whisks.
Don’t sweet the small stuff.
Eat a whole cake? Piece of cake!
Even I would be in tiers if anyone toppled my cake.
Flour power!
Frost, frost, baby.
Good things come to those who bake.
Happiness is home-baked!
I can’t cake my eyes off you.
I have abs-olutely no control when it comes to cake.
Icing for joy when I see cake.
If there’s a whisk, there’s a way.
It’s cake o’ clock!
Life is what you bake of it.
Love is a batterfield.
Slice, slice, baby.
Some only dream of cake. Others bake it happen.
Think outside the cake box.
This is a cake, not a pun-cake.
This moment is so emotional. Even the cake is in tiers.
What an egg-cellent dessert!
You bake me go crazy.
You want a piece of me?
A bite of deliciousness.
A little bliss in every bite.
A slice of my life is but a piece of cake.
All you need is love. But a cupcake would also be nice.
Bakers make the world smell better.
Birthday cake calories don’t count.
Cake is a very beautiful thing.
Cake is always a great idea.
Cake is the breakfast of champions.
Calories? I think you mean delicious points.
Can’t eat just one.
Cups and cakes? Oh, what a splendid creation!
Delicious dipped in beauty
Desserts are all the sweeter when shared with loving companions.
Did someone say Cake?
Do not touch my cake! Violators will be covered in sprinkles.
Eat a cupcake, then eat another.
Eat cake for breakfast!
Eggs are in chocolate cake. And milk. Oh, and wheat! So nutritious!
Freshly baked, heavenly caked.
From the first glance to the last bite, i love the whole you.
Got cake? Because I can hook you up.
Happiness is knowing there’s cake in the oven.
Having cake and eating it too.
I can’t eat another slice of cake, said no one ever.
I love thick and tasty icing!
I want a good body, but not as much as I want cake.
I’m here for the cupcakes.
If the cake fits, eat it!
If you know the way of the cake, then you know that way of happiness.
Indulging myself.
It’s all about the buttercream!
Keep a fork with you at all times, just in case cake happens.
Love has four letters, and so does cake.
Made with love.
Man cannot live on bread alone, so they made cake.
Merriment is cakes, cupcakes, and even more cakes.
My stomach has a separate compartment for cake.
Never say no to cake.
One bite and you’ll overrule all objections.
One slice is never enough!
Perfection by confection.
Photographing a cake can be art.
Seduced by sweetness.
Sinful and indulgent.
So what if it’s not my birthday?
Some things just require cake to be solved.
Spread love as thick as whipped cream.
Sugar & Spice & Everything Nice.
Sweet as a kiss.
Tastes as good as it looks.
The only thing better than a cake is ice cream cake. Still cake.
There’s absolutely nothing cake can’t solve.
Treat yourself.
When life gives you lemons, make a lemon layer cake with lemon cream cheese buttercream!
When there’s cake, I can’t help but smile.
Where there is cake, there’s hope.
You can’t be unhappy when you’re holding a cupcake.
A slice of heaven.
Are you wondering why there’s a pizza slice in both of my hands? This is what I call a well-balanced meal.
After exercising, I eat pizza. Just kidding, I don’t exercise.
Always great, never greasy.
Being slim sounds nice, but have you ever heard about pizza?
Better than a relationship.
Call me a pizzaphile.
Can’t top these toppings!
Cheese makes everything better.
Did you know that the food pyramid was inspired by the shape of the pizza slice?
Don’t worry about trying to please everyone. You’re not pizza.
Everything I am, and everything I hope to be, I owe to pizza.
Experiencing a rough day? Here, take a slice!
Fitness season is right around the corner. Unfortunately, so is the pizza place.
Fitness Tip: “If you eat 3 slices of pizza without separating them, it counts as just one.”
Have you ever seen anything so round and beautiful in your entire life?
I can’t turn lead into gold, but I can turn pizza into breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I cut carbs by dividing it into 8 slices.
I followed my heart, my brain, and my soul, and they all led me to pizza.
I lust for crust!
If there’s pizza, then count me in!
Is it hot in here, or is it just the hot sauce?
It’s only during days that end with “y” that I eat pizza.
Let’s get sauced!
Me and pizza—it’s a match!
My body is fueled by pizza.
My survival depends on only two things: “Wifi and pizza!”
No matter how much your heart is grieving, if you keep on eating pizza, the dream that you wish will come true.
Now this is what I call the circle of life.
One day, I will visit my dream destination—The Leaning Tower of Pizza!
Oven-fired goodness!
Passionate about pizza.
People disappoint, pizza never does.
Pizza for president!
Pizza, hot sauce, and me—the holy trinity of hotness!
Pizza is not the answer. It’s the question, and yes is the answer!
Pizza tastes better than skinny feels.
Saved by pizza!
The biggest lie I tell myself is: “I’m going to eat one slice of pizza.”
The cheesier, the better!
There’s no “we” in pizza.
Think outside the pizza box!
This is making my face blush with the color of pepperoni.
Through thick and thin, pizza has always been there for me.
Torn between doing cardio and doing pizza.
Wanna see me make this pizza vanish into thin air?
We live in a society where pizza arrives before the police or the ambulance.
What a cutie pie!
When I say that love is in the air, that means I smell pizza.
Who said you can’t eat a whole pizza? Scrap that negativity from your life!
Why cook when you can get pizza delivered to you?
Unlike promises, pie crusts are made to be broken.
VIP means Very Important Pizza.
Yes pizza, I will marry you.
A slice a day keeps the gloominess away.
A slice on your plate is a smile on your face.
All the best things are round.
Be happy. Be yourself. If you can be pizza, then that’s even better!
Can it even be called a party if there’s no pizza?
Don’t waste your time contemplating about life. Contemplate on where you’re going to get your next pizza.
From now on, I’m going to try eating healthy. Oh look, a pizza!
Happiness is extra pepperoni.
I dream of eating pizza even when I’m already eating one.
I eat pizza because you are what you eat, and I want to be the best thing ever.
I’m doing the “Ninja Turtles” diet.
It’s perfectly fine to consume a whole pizza all by yourself.
Keep your friends close, your enemies closer, and your pizza closest.
Less drama, more pizza.
Let this pizza serve as a reminder that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes.
No matter how you slice it, pizza is the best!
Pizza can fix everything! If it can’t, then we’ve got a real problem.
Pizza is a synonym for happiness.
Pizza is an acceptable meal at any time of the day.
Pizza makes my world go round.
Roses are red, pizza sauce is, too. I ordered a large, and none of it is for you.
Say no to drugs, say yes to pizza.
Small or large, round or square, thick or thin—every pizza is special!
Square box, round pizza, triangle slices. I’m confused!
Sweet dreams are made of cheese. Who am I to disagree?
The best kind of food is eaten with bare hands.
The good thing about pizza is that you can use it as a real-time pie chart of how much you have left.
The long wait is over! Pizza is here!
Two pizza slices are always better than one!
Viva la pizza!
When it comes to pizza toppings, never limit yourself by other people’s limited imagination.
Work hard and eat lots of pizza.
You can’t have just one slice.
Abra-ca-pizza!
Always crust your instincts.
Another one bites the crust.
Blessed are the pizza-makers, for they shall be called children of God.
Cheesus Crust!
Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the toppings.
Every pizza me loves every pizza you.
Hasta la pizza, baby.
Hello, slice to meet you.
Holy pepperoni!
I fell in love at first bite.
I have a crust on you.
Imagine the pizzabilities!
Live free, pie hard.
Love, joy, faith, hope, and pizza.
Make pizza, not war.
Oregano? Orega-yes!
People who don’t like eating pizza are weirdoughs.
Pizza be with you!
Pizza comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Pizzachu, I cheese you!
Rest in pizza.
Sending everyone a pizza offering.
Seven days without pizza makes one weak.
Slice, slice, baby.
Spread pizzativity, not negativity.
The slice is right.
This must be love at first slice.
You wanna pizza me, tough guy?
You’re a real pizza work!
You’ve stolen a pizza my heart.
A pizza that has radius “z” and height “a” has volume equal to Pi × z × z × a.
All of me loves all of you. All your curves and all your edges.
Always in the mood for pizza.
Because who can survive this world without pizza, right?
By the power of pizza!
Cheese, crust, and sauce—the holy trinity of food!
Deep dish is delish!
Dibs on the last slice!
Every pizza topping is special. Learn to love them all.
Exercise? I thought you said extra slice.
Extra cheese, please!
Feed the beast with a pizza feast!
Find someone who will look at you the way I look at my pizza.
For some reason, the symbol “<3” looks like a pizza to me.
Hanging out with my home slice.
Hot and ready.
How do I like my veggies? On pizza, of course!
I wish I knew how to quit you.
I wish pizza and love for everyone!
I’m in love with the shape of you.
I’m not sharing.
I’m sorry, abs. I love pizza more.
Join me for a slice of fun.
Just eat it.
Just scalded my mouth eating pizza. I don’t understand why the things I love keep hurting me.
Let’s get cheesy!
Let’s save planet Earth. It’s the only planet where pizza exists.
Life happens, pizza helps!
Look, pizza has cheese, tomatoes, veggies, chicken, pepperoni, sausage, and more. It has all the nutrients I need!
My heart belongs to pizza.
No slice is ever too big.
One bite and all your dreams will come true.
Pepperoni is life!
Pizza doesn’t judge. Pizza understands.
Power to the pizza!
Proteins, carbohydrates, and fats—pizza is a complete meal!
Relationship Status: “Love Triangle.” And by love triangle, I meant pizza.
Salad tastes pretty good once you add pizza and get rid of the salad.
Say cheese!
Stuffed crust is a must!
The best proof of love is crust.
The party can’t start without pizza.
The secret ingredient is always cheese.
The tomato paste in pizza can even mend a broken heart.
There will be no sharing today.
What’s my favorite position? It’s sitting on the couch eating pizza.
What’s the difference between pizza and your opinion? I only asked for pizza.
Who wants pizza?
Will plank for pizza.
You can always count on pizza.
You had me at pizza.
A little hello to start off your day.
Always remember that birds like to watch the sunrise with you.
Am I the only one who wakes up a few minutes before the alarm, but goes back to sleep to cherish the remaining time left?
Attack the day with enthusiasm!
Bathing in a sea of happiness today.
Bless be all of us today.
Cheerful morning vibes.
Choose to shine today.
Damn, it’s morning already and I’m still up.
Don’t waste a perfectly good day by contemplating about a bad yesterday or worrying about an uncertain tomorrow.
Each morning, the sun rises with bright new rays.
Either you extend your slumber and have dreams, or rise up and fulfill them.
Even the sun is envious of my burning desire to start the day.
Every morning is a beautiful morning.
Feeling the sunrise on my face as I stand by the window.
Finding happiness in the little things.
Focus on the good.
Forever seeking the morning sun.
Giving myself a pat on the back for waking up early.
Good luck today, self!
Good morning, world!
Grind on! My coffee grind, that is.
Have a wonderful day, y’all!
Help, I’m too lazy to get up.
Hope everyone’s in a better head space today.
I just love the color of the morning sky!
I’d be like “good morning” and then go back to sleep a few more times.
If I’m going to rise, then I might as well shine.
If you’re still in bed and haven’t done anything productive, then are you even awake already?
It always fascinating to watch the sky change as the new day dawns in.
It’s looking a lot like a double shot of espresso kind of morning.
Just because I’m up doesn’t mean I’m operating at full capacity already.
Let’s do something bright and sunny!
Life is fleeting, so wake up and start grinding!
Live life in a such a way that whenever you wake up, the devil says: “oh sh*t, he’s up!”
Love life, live life.
Make today ridiculously amazing!
Manifesting—a productive day!
May the light of happiness shine in every direction.
Morning again! Welcome to chaos.
My favorite color is sunrise.
Never lose your sunshine.
Oh look, a new day! I have never seen this one before.
Okay, I hereby declare that today is cancelled! I guess I’ll be going back to sleep.
Perhaps not every day will be good, but know that there’s definitely something good in every day.
Putting myself on top of my to-do list today.
Rise, then shine.
Rising to the occasion.
Say hello to the sun!
Seize the chance to begin again.
Smiling is one awesome way to kick start the day.
Start your morning with a smile.
Sunny smiles and happy thoughts for everyone!
That’s enough morning for me! Going back to bed.
Today, I woke up early so that I won’t miss all the bright opportunities.
Today’s the day!
Ugh, being awake this early is starting to feel like a guilt trip.
Watching the sunrise is so damn satisfying!
What a day, huh?
Whenever troubling times come, just think of the morning sun. It shines bright no matter how everyone treats or mistreats it.
About time I opened my beautiful eyes.
Always think happy thoughts.
Another day to try conquering the world.
Be like a flower; turn your gaze upon the sun.
Caution: Do not approach me until coffee is in my system!
Dance when the sun comes up.
Face the morning sun and let all the shadows fall behind you.
Feeling sun kissed by sunrise.
First of all, good morning!
Five minutes of extra sleep seriously do matter!
God created sleep, and the devil created the alarm clock.
Good morning except everyone!
Good morning people, and good night drug dealers and strippers.
Has anyone seen my good mood?
He who gets up early in the morning…is sleepy for the rest of the day! Good morning.
Here’s to the nights that I turned into mornings.
Hit that snooze button like it’s your fine ass!
How could morning and I ever see eye-to-eye if I don’t open mine?
I don’t mind getting out of bed, but to participate in real life?! No way!
I think I’m allergic to mornings.
I wake up with good feels and good vibes every day. Then idiots happen.
I was gorgeous, wealthy, sexy…and then the alarm rang!
If only mornings didn’t come at such an inconvenient time of the day.
Just opened two gifts this morning—my eyes.
Let it be known, this morning is mine!
Listen to the morning silence. It has so much to say.
Look, the sun is greeting the mountains.
Morning will come, it has no choice.
My body is up, and the mind will follow sometime later, hopefully.
My mom said follow your dreams, so I’m going back to sleep.
Okay, let the stress begin!
Okay, that’s enough morning for me. Time to get back to bed.
Sneeze, cough, burp, fart. My morning body soundcheck seems okay today.
Start your day with a fart just like any other day.
Sometimes, it’s okay to not push that snooze button.
Stressed, blessed, and coffee obsessed.
Super thankful that I’m alive.
Tomorrow’s flowers are in today’s seeds.
Umm…do I look like a morning person to you?
What’s in today’s menu? Coffee and kindness. Okay, make that “two coffees”, and then kindness.
When reality and dreams collide, usually it’s just the alarm clock going off.
Why is it even called “beauty sleep” when almost everyone wakes up looking like a beast?
Write it in your heart that today will be the best day ever.
All is calm, all is bright.
As we rise up, let us make the decision to respond with love and kindness to whatever may come.
Begin each day with the right attitude.
Coffee black, and my morning bright!
Create your own sunshine.
Deep inside, we’re all golden sunflowers.
Do it for the beautiful sunrise.
Don’t worry, everything will fall into place today.
Early morning walks are blessings for the rest of the day ahead.
Every day is a new beginning.
Feeling fresh, feeling new.
First morning thought: YOU!
Good morning, you say? Prove it!
Grateful for good mornings.
Hello, Mr. Sun!
How is it going for the most beautiful person in the world (a.k.a. me) this morning?
I love how the morning sun melts the darkness of the night.
If you know how to use your mornings well, it means you have already learned the value of life.
It’s time to make breakfast!
Justly, cruelly, the sun will always rise.
Let’s forget about yesterday! Am I right?
Like the rising sun, choose to shine.
Mornings with you are the best kind of mornings.
My dreams and aspirations made me jump out of bed this morning.
Nah, I don’t like mornings. I really like you though.
New morning, new chances, new opportunities.
Productive mornings are my favorite.
Quiet start to the day.
Some wake up quick. Some wake up slow. I wake up dead.
Something wonderful is about to happen. I can feel it in my bones!
There is nowhere morning does not go.
Today will be a good day.
Waking up with the world.
Welcoming the day with a grateful heart.
With the new day comes new inspiration and new ideas.
Woke up like this.
Are you having a rough day? Here, have a nice slab of steak!
As long as there’s pink, we’re all good.
Best. Steak. Ever.
Enjoying life’s sizzles.
Every person has their own way of mourning. I mourn with steak.
Everything about this steak makes me happy.
Fatty, juicy, and absolutely perfect!
For my last meal here on Earth, I want a nicely cooked steak.
Good cuts of steak are my go-to splurge.
Guess what my favorite animal is? Yup, it’s steak.
Have a break; have a steak.
Heaven is a lonely place without steak.
Hell yeah, carnivore!
Hey, mirror! Tell me who’s the rarest of them all?
How do I like my steak? Like winning arguments in real life. Rare!
Humans aren’t supposed to eat steak, you say? Then how come it’s made of meat?
I have never met a steak that disappointed me.
I must be in steak heaven.
If I can’t grab it by the bone and eat it like a brute, then what’s the point?
If it isn’t tough, then I’m happy enough.
If you give me steak, then you have my attention.
Less hate, more steak.
Life is too short to not have steak.
My biggest weakness is steak.
Nice-looking meat I got here!
No steak is ever safe from me!
Nothing like a great big steak.
Once it hits your lips, there’s no stopping the pleasure!
PETA would be proud!
Porterhouse, rib-eye, flank, skirt, sirloin... Oh, the infinite choices!
Reality sucks, but at least steak exists.
Relax, it’s just the heat and the meat.
Say moo!
Steak is tasty and cows are stupid.
Steak isn’t murder; it’s delicious.
The bloodier, the better!
This steak is sexy and you know it.
Throw me a tomohawk steak and I’ll catch it and eat it!
Why would I want a burger if I can have steak instead?
Yeah, yeah, yeah—I love steak!
A bloody good one!
A picture you can taste.
Ambassador of steak.
Beautiful hunk of meat.
Bliss on a plate.
Classy and never greasy.
Cooked to perfection.
Cow power!
Definitely looking tender.
Done just right.
Flexing the steak.
God-tier sear.
Got beef?
Here’s my meat.
Hungry and horny.
I love steak!
I want me a steak!
Looks delicious!
Meat looks fantastic.
Meat-flavored butter.
Melts like butter.
Nicely done.
Not your average steak.
Perfection.
Powered by steak.
Pure indulgence.
Steak is the ultimate food!
Steak-gasm!
Superb crust!
Tender and juicy.
This smells terrific!
Well done!
A good steak is where it’s all at.
Big and juicy—this is how I like my steak!
Die eating steak, and you die happy.
Do you believe in life after steak?
Eating good steak is my favorite thing in the world. Nothing is more blissful.
Even my dog loves eating rare steak.
Had to commit medium levels of crime just to get my hands on this.
Have you ever seen a nicely cooked steak and just fell head over heels with it?
Holy mother of sear, this looks tasty!
I like my steak grilled over the raging flames of hell.
I need five courses for dinner, with each course being steak.
Insult my steak and I’ll have to introduce you to my steak knife.
It’s always satisfying to have steak after a day’s hard work.
Luxurious meat is always worth the weight gain.
Making love with this steak.
Many people can relate to the primal pleasure that steak provides.
Marbled meat is the best!
My diet primarily consists of steak. Every now and then, I even supplement it with other steaks.
Never lick a steak knife.
No cut is ever too big.
No matter what the doneness, I love every steak.
Not well done is a compliment in this instance.
Nourish yourself with the steak and protect yourself with the steak knife.
One of my favorite pair is steak and sex! I get them both very rare.
Performing at my best requires a good steak beforehand.
Say hi to my pet, Wagyu.
Sear game on point.
So the waiter asked me “how did you find your steak?” And I answered, “I just looked down on the plate, and there it was!”
There are days when all I want is a good steak.
There was good news, so naturally...steak happened!
This is the steak the guy in the matrix chose to take the blue pill for.
This steak is rarer than my odds of finding a boyfriend/girlfriend.
Unfortunately, many people lose their teeth before they can afford steak.
When it comes to steak, it’s a mortal sin to skimp on calories and quality.
When life throws you a steak, don’t throw it back. Eat it!
You can’t just have the sizzle; you gotta have the sauce as well.
An espresso in one hand, confidence in the other.
As a matter fact, coffee and love have the same taste—bittersweet!
Because crack isn't accepted in the workplace.
Caffeine and sugar are definitely the two most basic food groups.
Caffeine is the foundation of the food pyramid.
Can you forgive me for what I’ve said before my morning coffee?
Cheers to my cup of sanity!
Coffee, also known as, survival juice.
Coffee first, then adulting.
Coffee always sounds like a brilliant idea.
Decaffeinated coffee is the devil's blend.
Did you know that coffee ranks second as the most traded commodity in the world?
Doing justice to the beans!
Don’t cha wish your coffee was hot like me?
Don’t tell anyone, but my favorite co-worker is the coffee machine.
Drinking coffee doesn’t make me awesome. I’m already awesome. But things get more interesting and fun when I’m awesome and awake.
Eight cups of coffee a day, keeps the doctor away.
Espresso now, compliments later.
Excited and intoxicated.
Experience love at first sip.
Every once in a while, I go hours without drinking coffee. It’s called sleeping.
Fire burns and cauldrons bubble. This hot brew shall keep me out of trouble.
Friends are better than coffee. But only by a tiny margin.
Fortunately, our awful lack of middle fingers can be compensated by enough coffee.
Given enough coffee, I could conquer the world and make everything mine.
Guess what? It's coffee o'clock!
Hello darkness, my old friend.
I can speak in fluent beans.
I didn’t ask for pep talk. What I want is a frigging cup of coffee!
I never smile or laugh. Well, not until I’ve had my first coffee of the day.
I prefer it black, just like my soul.
Inhale the caffeine, exhale the bullsh*t.
It’s amazing when the coffee starts kicking in and I realize what an endearing daredevil I’m going to be today.
Just add coffee and I’ll be what everyone calls an instant human.
Just so you know, this is my resting coffee face.
Keep your head high, your glutes tight, and your coffee strong.
Life begins after coffee.
Life without espresso is similar to something without something. Please pardon my nonsense, I haven’t had my shot yet.
Love is in the air, and it smells a lot like coffee.
Mend the broken morning with broken beans.
More love and coffee, please.
My birthstone is a coffee bean.
My blood type is coffee.
My morning brew kick-starts my day. It helps my nerves to settle, so that they don't fray later on.
Mysterious, charismatic, and dark.
No matter how much I pretend that coffee helps, I’m still a b*tch.
No one can stop me from drinking this whole pot of coffee. Don’t even try getting in my way!
Quiet, please! I’m trying to convert the coffee I just drank into badassery.
Shout-out to wifi, coffee and ambition.
Sometimes, I think can do anything. Then, the coffee stops working.
Stressed, blessed, and coffee obsessed.
Thanks to coffee, I’ve managed to keep my serial killer disposition at bay.
The moment you see me holding a mug of coffee in my hand, that means I’m busy.
This is unquestionably a human necessity.
This is the hot friend of mine that I keep telling you about.
Unless you’re a tall, dark, and rich cup of coffee, I’m not interested.
Waking up for the future.
Way too much coffee? But if it weren't for coffee, I wouldn’t be able to manifest my real self.
What pairs well with coffee? Another cup, of course!
You can cry over spilled milk all you want. But with spilled coffee, no amount of crying will save you.
You can all come out of your hiding spots now, I've had my coffee.
A bad day with coffee is way better than a good day without it.
Another day, another cup of coffee.
As long as coffee exists in this world, we will always be a step further from the worst case scenario.
As soon as coffee goes down into the tummy, ideas start to move.
Behind every successful person is a significant amount of coffee.
Caffeine deprivation only leads to sleep.
Coffee first, schemes later.
Coffee is a hug in a mug.
Coffee is a language in itself.
Coffee is not a drug. It’s a vitamin.
Coffee! Because anger management is too expensive.
Drinking eight cups of water is really hard! But drinking eight cups of coffee in one go? Now that’s one of the world’s greatest mysteries!
Espresso is the panacea to all of our mundane physical and mental problems.
Follow your heart, but take a cup of coffee with you.
Good communication rarely happens before the first sip of espresso.
Humanity would stagnate without the fuel that drives them to get things done.
Humans get a lot of work done, not because of their motivation, but because of coffee.
In a world full of chaos and dreary days, coffee is our cup of hope.
Most philosophical ideas are born during coffee breaks.
Nothing is as sweet as a cup of bitter coffee.
Only a caffeinated soul can appreciate the little moments and minute details of life.
Our society wouldn’t operate if coffee didn’t exist.
The favorite drink of the civilized world is coffee.
The first sip always touches the soul.
The mind is only as strong as the strength of your brew.
The power of the human mind is directly proportioned to the quantity of coffee consumed.
The road to success isn’t actually a road. It’s a river channel that is overflowing with coffee.
The truth becomes clearer once you look at it with a caffeinated spirit.
Turn every morning into an orchestra that is played to the tune of coffee.
Water is the most essential element of life. Without it, it would be impossible to make coffee.
Whether the cup is half-full or half-empty is irrelevant. The cup will only matter if there’s coffee in it.
When life delivers you lemons, exchange them for coffee beans.
When my blood runs black as the abyss, and my heart beats fast like a wildebeest stampede, only then would I be able to say: “I’ve had enough coffee.”
Work begins when the coffee does.
Be fa-brew-lous!
Bean there, done that
Better latte than never!
Bottomless thanks!
Cappuccino? More like Cappucci-yes!
Don’t worry, be frappé.
Espresso Patronum!
Espresso yourself.
Everything I brew, I brew for you.
Hello, this is my mug shot.
High on pot.
Hit me with your best espresso shot.
Hocus pocus! I need coffee to focus!
I came, I ordered a latte, I conquered.
I can't espresso how much you bean to me.
I didn’t choose the mug life, the mug life chose me.
I don’t give a frappe about anything else.
I love you a latte!
I’ll give it my best shot.
I've bean thinking about you a latte.
Iced, iced coffee, baby.
It's a brew-tiful day.
Just sip it.
Let’s stir up some trouble!
More espresso, less depresso.
Mugs and kisses.
Now watch me sip. Now watch me nae nae.
Rise and grind!
Sending you a whole latte love.
Sip sip, hooray!
So frustrated! I need to venti.
Sorry, I’m latte.
This is how we brew it.
This must be deja brew. I could’ve sworn I’ve had this cup of coffee before.
Until further notice, just assume that I have a latte going on in my day.
What did the coffee say to its date? Hey there, hot stuff!
Where have you bean all my life?
You are so brew-tiful.
You can brew it!
You keep me grounded.
You mocha me very happy.
A coffee a day keeps the grumpy away.
A comfy sofa, a good book, and a warm cup of coffee—everything I need is here!
A morning without coffee is like...you know...sleep.
All I really want is someone who will look at me the same way I look at my coffee.
As a night owl, I usually have my morning coffee before I go to bed.
Bad coffee or no coffee at all? Gimme all that bad sh*t!
Before coffee, I'm a hot mess. After coffee? I'm a wide-awake hot mess!
Black as night, rich as heaven, sweet as sin.
Caffeine is the other Vitamin C.
Coffee is my most important meal of the day.
Coffee will always be the answer. The question is irrelevant.
Dear coffee, I dreamt of you last night.
Either you choose your espresso, or you let espresso choose you.
Espresso helps me to do stupid things at greater efficiency.
For me, the most beautiful person in the world is my coffee machine.
Forget love, fall in coffee.
Here’s to motivation and inspiration!
How far behind would technology be if no one ever discovered coffee?
I am not addicted to coffee. We are just in a committed relationship.
I don’t have a problem with caffeine. I have a problem without it.
I dream of world that runs on love, laughter, and coffee.
I like big cups of coffee and I cannot lie.
Just got checked at the hospital, and they found traces of blood in my coffee stream.
Just like my coffee, I’m strong, rich, and too hot for you!
Just one more cup before I hit the road.
Life happens, coffee helps.
Live now, sleep later.
Make some coffee and seize the day!
May everyone’s espresso shots kick in before reality does.
Mental health problems are no match to coffee therapy!
My body runs on coffee.
My good manners only manifests when there’s enough caffeine in my system.
No matter what historians say, I will always believe that “b.c.” stand for "before coffee.”
No talkie before coffee.
Nothing can stand between me and my coffee.
Now serving good looks and cold brews!
Now that I’ve had my fill of coffee, it’s time to do business!
Once you wake up and smell the coffee, it's hard to go back to sleep.
People say money can’t buy happiness. They’re all a bunch of liars. Money can buy a cup of coffee. And coffee makes me happy!
Pressing my lips to the enameled rim of the cup.
Seven days without coffee makes one weak.
Sipping coffee and pretending that I know what I’m doing.
Smells like freshly ground heaven.
Take life one sip at a time
To me, the smell of freshly made coffee is one of the greatest human inventions.
Today’s forecast? 100% chance of coffee!
Today's good mood is sponsored by coffee.
Walking a few kilometers doesn’t seem so bad if there’s a coffee shop at the destination.
What’s the similarity between coffee and love? They are always best served hot!
Why do I drink coffee in the morning? Because it’s too early for wine.
Whoever thought it was a good idea to crush coffee beans and mix it with water deserves to be canonized a saint.
Woah, was that an earthquake? Oh, it was just me palpitating.
Undertake adventures that open the eyes.
Go where your heart flutters in excitement.
I believe it’s time for another adventure.
The desire to travel allows one to search for thy soul.
Don’t travel just to escape life; travel so that life doesn’t escape you.
I’m here for the vitamin sea.
May my soul forever stay wild, and my spirit always adventurous.
If love is the food of life, then travel is the dessert.
To travel is to live, and to live is to travel.
This corner of the world is magical.
The farther you travel, the better the chances of you meeting your true self.
Meet me under the palm trees.
Work, travel, save, repeat.
So, what’s on my travel list? Everywhere!
Keep calm and travel on.
Jet lag is for amateurs.
It’s adventure time!
Work hard, travel harder.
Dare to seek mind-opening adventures!
Travel while you’re still young and able.
Take only memories, leave only footprints.
The road is a great listener.
Exploration only requires some desire and initiative.
All around the world, people are mostly the same.
Because when you stop and look around, the world is actually pretty amazing.
Wander often, wonder always.
The world is so full of wonder that my eyes can’t stop sparkling.
An adventure a day is not only good for your health but also for your well-being.
Paradise is wherever I go.
Oh, the places I’ll go.
Paradise isn’t a place; it’s a feeling.
I get butterflies every time I wander into beautiful places I've never been.
Hidden beauty.
This is my weekend getaway.
I deserve this travel vacation.
Find me in paradise.
I’m just following where my shoes take me.
Life is the biggest adventure. Travel so you don’t miss out!
Every place I visit becomes a part of me.
Memories of my adventures are the ones I cherish the most.
Fill your life with experiences, not things.
Traveling tends to magnify all human emotions.
Travel is my drug of choice.
Don't worry about the money, just travel.
Don’t ever stop doing things for the first time.
This is my road to discovery.
Up, up, and away!
I’m going the extra mile.
Never stop exploring.
I make it a point to go someplace I’ve never been before every once in a while.
Am I lost, or am I actually just finding myself again?
Our world is full of beauty. See it for yourself!
One place at a time.
This place makes me feel alive.
Mountain trips and foggy mornings.
Relax, go on a vacation, uplift your spirit.
Will you come travel with me?
Adventure awaits. Go find it!
Venture to heaven for the climate, hell for the companionship.
It’s about the journey, not the destination.
I've got a bad case of wanderlust.
Let’s escape to nature’s happy place!
I discover a piece of me in every place I go.
My soul’s up in the clouds.
Catch flights, not feelings.
Travel well, and you’ll never be bored.
Traveling is a way to understand one’s own existence.
Uncharted places fill me with exhilaration.
Picking up pieces of myself wherever I go.
There’s only one trip that you’ll ever regret. It’s the trip you don’t take.
Don’t just go on an adventure. Let the adventure take you there.
Life is too short not to travel.
My heart is where the beach is at.
The fastest way to travel is to be there already.
I wonder what’s behind that waterfall.
This is my adventure.
I’m living my dreams.
It’s vacation time! Let’s go far away.
Life is an endless journey, and every single moment has its own flavor.
Let’s be adventurers.
Keep calm and travel on.
Oh, the sights to see and the sounds to hear.
Let’s explore the unexplored.
My dream is to see the whole world with my own eyes.
I give my whole heart and soul wherever I go.
Let’s wander where the wifi is weak.
Ready for take-off!
Living my life not by the clock but by the compass.
I may wander, but I will never be lost.
I travel not to find myself but to create myself.
It is going to be such a great day.
Kick-start that adventure before boredom kills you.
Travel is the healthiest addiction.
Traveling cures prejudice and narrow-mindedness.
Explore the world yourself and see how wrong people are about other countries.
I didn’t find answers in my travels, only wonders.
Flapping my wings into new horizons.
There’s always a new way to see things when you travel.
What a time to be alive!
This is me seeing the things I’ve heard about a thousand times.
I look just like my passport photo whenever I’m inside the airplane.
Take me somewhere new!
I just touched the clouds.
Don’t keep vacation waiting! It’s bad manners to do so.
Take a break and go someplace new.
Every time I travel, I am reminded that we really do live in a vast world.
Don’t be a tourist, be a traveler.
Alone is a beautiful place to be.
On this side of the world, the moon is the same.
Little by little, one travels far.
I want to know why the road less traveled is less traveled.
There’s no such thing as a bad place, only bad people.
Let’s set out to a different address.
The world is cruel yet so wonderful.
I choose to go the extra mile!
Making the best memories along the way.
Fly like a butterfly!
Make adventure a daily routine!
Explorers breed discoverers!
Travel, because money returns. Time doesn’t.
To travel is to educate oneself about the world.
In case you’re wondering, my address is everywhere.
Every day is a new chance to explore a new place in the world.
The time is now, and the place is elsewhere.
The most interesting stories are in between the pages of a passport.
Eating good food is an essential part of traveling.
Forget about everything and take that leap of fate into the new horizon.
My curiosity takes me to new places.
Bon voyage!
A curious mind leads to fantastic adventures.
This is my kind of weekend.
Travel enough and you’ll realize that boredom doesn’t exist in this world.
Where you lead, I will follow.
Born to explore the world.
Travel is the best education.
A single step is all it takes to begin your adventure.
One life. One world. Explore it.
The grass is always greener wherever I am.
Seas the day!
This must be the promised land.
Take a deep breath, muster some courage, and let your feet take you there.
If the world is a book, then traveling is the way to read it.
Go out into the world. Take trains and planes to places you haven’t been before.
Lost in wonder.
Free as a bird.
Start walking because there’s a lot of areas to explore.
Let’s keep rolling under the stars.
I travel for travel’s sake.
Wanderlust is incurable.
Sometimes, being with yourself is the best company.
Calories don’t count when you’re on vacation.
Find a beautiful place, and get lost.
Looking for a thrill in every place I go.
The perfect moment won’t come to you. Take it yourself and make it perfect!
The world is calling out to me.
There are a lot of places to explore and people to meet.
Don’t be scared. Try something different.
Getting lost is one way of discovering new places.
Spontaneity is the best kind of adventure.
There’s nothing behind me and everything ahead of me.
It's time to change my life and see the world.
I can go the distance.
Traveling may not be free, but it’s the one thing you can buy to make yourself richer.
My dream is to create a memory in every part of the world.
Savor the beautiful moment!
Fly, and make it happen!
If you want to disappear, then a new destination is all you need.
What is life but one grand adventure?
Clapping my feet because I’m happy wherever I go.
We’re not meant to stay in one place just like the trees. We have feet, so let’s travel.
Life’s a beach!
Travel well and you’ll be rewarded with fulfilling experiences.
Hard work may line your pockets, but adventures will fill your soul.
One of the greatest investments you can give yourself is travel.
I live just to travel.
I’m on my way somewhere.
Travel is optimism in motion.
Traveling is not really about seeing things; it’s about experiencing them!
Born to explore the world.
There is happiness in looking down the window of a plane.
Alive. Breathing. Living. Blessed. Good.
At long last, the busy week is coming to a close.
Be happy. Be thankful. Be blessed.
Best. Day. Ever.
Cheers to the weekend.
Current mood: Party!
Did you check the news this morning? It’s all good, especially the part where it says it’s Friday today!
Do you know what’s next? Yup, the weekend!
Eager to do something festive this weekend? Go for it!
End of the week, end of the grind.
Enjoy your life.
Everyone has their favorite superhero. Mine is Friday.
Eyes on the prize, you’re super close to it!
Feeling Fridaylicious!
Fri-yay!
Get up, be happy, and celebrate life!
Go on, dress like you’re going to an extravagant party tonight. The weekend is upon us all!
Guess what my favorite F-word is.
Hang out with your friends tonight and have fun!
Have a wonderful day.
How quickly we rise after falling is what sets the tone for our weekends.
I did. I’m done. End of story.
If you see me working today, keep in mind that I’m just keeping appearances.
I’m ready! I’m ready! I’m ready!
It’s Friday, so act like it.
Just keep going, we’re getting really close to the weekend.
Keep calm and party all night.
Know your successes and make them meaningful.
Let the good times roll.
Let’s party all night!
Live. Dream. Love.
Make today worth all the effort and sacrifices you’ve made the whole week.
My boss told me earlier: “Have a good day!” Thus, I’m going home early.
Netflix and chill.
Now or never.
Oh Friday, let me hold you close and shower you with hugs and kisses.
Party, party, party!
Rise up and attack the day with fervor and zeal.
Seize the day!
Splurging on food today because why not?
TGIF: Thank God it’s Friday!
Thank God I’m still alive.
To be happy—it’s all that matters!
Tonight, we get wasted!
Treat yourself today.
We can all rejoice because it's finally the best day of the week again.
Well, well, well, look what finally showed up today—Friday!
What a splendid feeling it is to have had survived the week!
You bring the good alcohol, and I’ll bring the terrible decisions.
You’re finally free! Do what your heart tells you to do.
A little party never killed anybody.
Almost everyone is at their happiest on Fridays.
Any day can be Friday if you put your heart into it.
Baby steps or milestones, always remember to celebrate your successes.
Be proud of the fact that you made it through the week.
Be the reason someone smiles today.
Cheers to the nights we’ll most likely forget with the friends that we’ll always remember.
Do whatever is good for your soul.
Don’t forget to rejoice in your accomplishments no matter how small.
Despite the fact that Friday the 13th is considered unlucky, it’s still heaps better than Monday the whatever.
Every day can be Friday if you believe in it.
Everything in moderation—including Fridays!
Fight the fight, keep the faith, and finish strong.
Food always tastes better on Fridays.
Friday is proof that better days always come.
Friday may fly like a bird and seem like the shortest day of the week, but it’s the most exciting one!
Good things always take time.
Gratefulness can go a long way. Be sure to end each day with a heart full of gratitude.
Greet Friday with enthusiasm, hopefulness, and a million smiles.
Happiness is knowing that you won’t be needing your alarm clock for the next day.
Happy Friday to those who went beast mode during the week. May you all find something to celebrate today.
Keeping Fridays confined takes a lot of effort because they always spill over.
Life is good, especially on Fridays.
Many people have made Friday their favorite day of the week because it’s the day almost all friends, relatives, and close people meet, celebrate, and plan even more celebratory meetings.
Never forget to pause and reflect. You’ve made progress.
No one is ever sad on a Friday.
Occasionally, the tiniest steps we make in the right direction can leave the largest footprints in our life.
On days when smiles are abundant, it’s best to indulge in happiness.
People are a lot kinder on Fridays, so use the opportunity to make more friends.
Reward yourself generously today, for you have fulfilled the personal promise you made last Monday.
Sometimes, all you need to do is put all of your problems behind you and remember that you deserve all the best.
Stay strong, the weekend is coming.
Streams can cut through rock not because they are powerful, but because they are tenacious and unrelenting.
The final day of the workweek deserves a celebratory feast.
Though the world may be facing obliteration, you will not because it’s Friday.
Today, all plans of productivity are thrown out of the window.
We’re all just children posing as professionals, counting the days until Friday.
What is meant to be will always find a way. And yeah, I’m talking about Friday.
When you are tired, rest! Don’t quit.
You will never experience this day again, so make it worth your while.
Abso-Friday-lutely!
Ah, the golden child of the weekdays.
All dressed up with everywhere to go.
Be the energy you want to attract.
Better days are coming, specifically, Saturday and Sunday.
Boom shakalaka!
Celebrate, for tomorrow you can roll out of your bed with a big smile on your face.
Comfort food and tasty drinks await at the end of the day!
Don’t forget that the grind includes Friday.
Give yourself a pat on the back. You deserve it!
Friday’s timing is always impeccable. It arrives just in time to prevent me from resorting to violence to take all the stress and weight off my shoulders.
Goodbye, multi-tasking. Hello, multi-slacking!
Friday, I’ve been thinking about you all week.
Fried food will be on the menu! After all, it’s Fryday!
Fri-nally!
Happiness, I choose you!
Here’s a high five for surviving the week.
Hibernating till Monday.
Hip, hip, hooray! Hip, hip, Friday!
Honestly speaking, working today is just a formality.
Hugs not ughs.
I actually don’t work on Fridays. I only make appearances.
I hope Monday comes sooner, said no one ever.
If Friday was a person, I would marry him/her in a heartbeat.
If Monday is to whine, then Friday is to wine.
It’s beginning to look a lot like cocktails.
I’m automatically 90% nicer after 4pm on Fridays.
Just remember that you can use “Ehh, it’s Friday” as a valid excuse for anything today.
Ladies and gentlemen, the day we’ve all been waiting for is here.
Logging out.
May today be the Fridayest Friday that ever Fridayed.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Partyday!
My emotions are in full swing today.
Not feeling worky today.
Now watch me sip. Now watch me lay.
Out and about.
Shake your pom-poms, yeah!
Slay your Friday and sparkle.
Time to wine instead of whine.
Tonight, I’m going to date my bed. We’re definitely sleeping together.
Wake up and smell the festive spirit.
Wander around, you’re finally free.
Watch me spend the rest of the smiling, laughing, and giggling.
When the Monday is away, the Friday will play.
Whoever you are, wherever you are, may today be your day!
You know what rhymes with Friday? Partay!
All work done!
Be proud of how you are trying.
Causing some ruckus tonight!
Congratulations to everyone who had a meaningful and productive week.
Did you fall down during the week? Now is the best day to stand up!
Don’t stress too much about work. Do what you can and wrap it all up with finesse.
Feels like I’ve been released from jail.
Fill your soul with love and warmth today.
For some reason, today reeks of fun and excitement.
Forget all the bad things and just have a spectacular day.
Freedom is here, at last!
Fri-yeah!
Give yourself some credit for surviving the week.
Go all out. Now! Before you know it, Monday is back again.
Good vibes only.
Guess who got a lot of work done today. Not me, but congratulations to whoever did.
Hello, Friday! I’ve been expecting you.
Here’s to the weekend.
It’s all about progress, not perfection.
It’s an “add to cart” kind of day.
I’ve got that Friday feeling.
Just a little more, you can do it!
Just survived another week.
Let’s celebrate!
Make this day a good one!
No better time than now.
No plans, no problems.
Nothing can ruin my day today.
On Fridays, I want my espresso in a martini.
Say farewell to the week, and greet the weekend with enthusiasm.
So long, weekdays. So long, suckers!
Smile, you made it.
Tonight, I’m drinking until I’m someone else’s problem.
Trust the wait.
Unproductive days like Friday demand productive revelries and partying.
Well, aren’t we all happy today?
What a wonderful day it is today.
When you leave work on Friday, make sure to actually leave it.
Whew, I made it to Friday.
Yay for Friday!
You’re almost there. Don’t lose your spark.
Ah, how nice it is to sleep. You forget everything for a little while.
Alone, I enjoy life with the stars.
Blurry mind and messy thoughts.
Booze night!
Busy stargazing.
Calling it a night with a little prayer.
Close your eyes, make a wish, and whisper good night.
Cool breeze. Dark night. Bright stars.
Crazy nights make the best memories.
Day is over and night has come.
Do what you want, party all night, and just deal with everything else tomorrow.
Embrace your dreams and just enjoy the night.
Ending the day with a positive thought.
For every night that is dark, there is a tantamount day that is bright.
Goodbye, real world. Hello, dream world.
Happy night, it is!
How is it late so soon?
I’m staying up all night dreaming about sleep.
Just let the pretty lights guide you home.
Late night. Blurry lights. Deep mind.
Look at how the stars shine for all of us.
Meet me in the dream world tonight.
Night sky, city lights.
Someday, we won’t ever have to say goodbye. Only good night.
Only in the night can you see my spark.
Party music, rave friends, lively lights, and late nights.
Photo of the night!
Rest profoundly. Sleep serenely. Dream pleasantly.
Sleep all day, party all night.
Sometimes, I just want to sit outside with someone and talk all night.
That sense of freedom during late night hours—I love it!
Tonight, I’ll be making friends with the stars.
Whenever the sun dips below the horizon, something awakens in me.
Wine + Dinner = Winner!
Wishing everyone coziness, warmth, and a good night.
Without darkness, we won’t see the stars.
You see those stars decorating the night sky? Let’s gaze upon them and admire them.
All of us are lost stars trying to light up the night sky.
As the night sinks into deeper darkness, let your worries fade along with it.
Beautiful souls, sweet dreams!
Breathe the evening in and hold it in your lungs.
Calm nights, good company, and chill vibes.
Cinderella by day, Sinderella by night.
Dear sleep, we had a shaky start, but I love you now.
Dreams shape the future, so sleep whenever you can!
Eat a lot, sleep for a while, and then wake up gorgeous—how amazing life would be if I were a caterpillar!
Every so often, the night feels even more alive and more vibrant than the day.
Good night stars, good night sky, good night moon.
Hello darkness, my old friend.
How fast the night changes!
I saw the moon and it reminded me of you.
I’m wearing the midnight, and nothing else.
I’m not alone; I have my darkness.
If I’m on my bed and you are on yours, then one of us is in the wrong bed.
It’s time for my beauty rest. See you tomorrow!
Late night. Deep thoughts. Good music.
Let the evening beGIN!
May the angels sing everyone to rest. Good night!
Not to brag but 3am knows all of my secrets.
Off to Club Bed! DJ Pillow and MC Blanky are in the house!
Remember, tomorrow is coming with new sunshine.
Sometimes, the moon is all I have.
Shhhh…it’s time to dream. Good night!
Shine like the sun and be as dark as the night.
The monster in me awakens tonight.
The nights I can’t remember are some of my favorite nights.
The sun just went to bed, and so should I.
To the person who’s reading this, I just wanted to say good night.
To the moon and never back.
Unfortunately, I've exhausted all my energy, so I must take a few hours to recharge my body.
Who said only the dead should rest in peace?
Whoever goes to bed before eight o'clock is a rascal!
You know you’re living your dreams when they don’t let you sleep at night anymore.
A rather boring day this has been, perhaps tomorrow will be better.
As a nyctophiliac, I love the night and find comfort in the darkness.
At night is where life actually begins.
Baby, let’s stumble through the night.
Be the thing they fear when the sun sets in the horizon.
Can’t sleep at night? That’s because you’re awake in someone else’s dream.
Darkness can be so romantic at times.
Days, I can manage without you. But nights? Well, I simply can’t without you.
Discover your lights at night.
Evenings often feel short-lived, but don't you think it's better like that?
Falling asleep with beautiful memories.
Good company and good nights.
Have an enchanted evening full of magical dreams.
Here’s to the nights we felt alive.
I was looking for the sun all night, then it dawned on me.
In this fuzzy night, all I can see is you.
It’s a damn cold night.
Just imagine you’re throwing away your worries whenever you’re throwing your clothes off at night.
Keeping a smile tonight for tomorrow.
Laughter and rest are the best cures in the world.
Let’s grab some snacks and drinks and watch the stars.
Letting my dreams hug me tight tonight.
Lost in the night.
Merrily, I wander through the night.
My idea of a perfect evening is good companions around a jolly bonfire.
Night captions needed! Any suggestions?
Nothing is sadder than good nights that turn into goodbyes.
Now, relax! Today is done, and you did your best. And tomorrow, you’ll do better.
Quiet! Can’t you hear that? It’s my bed calling my name.
Right here, the nights are bright.
Sleep tight and don’t be scared.
Starry nights quiet the soul.
Sun sets, moon rises, and life goes on.
To one and all, a fair good night!
Tonight, we party!
Under the stars, I dance and forget the rest.
Wine or tequilla?
Wishing you all a peaceful night’s rest.
You happened to be in my late-night thoughts.
You’ve done everything you can do today, so sleep well.
A week older, a week bolder.
Always welcome the new week with a big smile on your face.
Another day to start the work week!
Back to the grind.
Basically, there are four Mondays before it’s Friday.
Be proud of how hard you’re trying.
Be relentless, be unstoppable.
Can we restart the weekend?
Clap your hands if you made it out of bed today.
Do what’s necessary, then what’s possible, and next the impossible.
Don’t give up. Follow your dreams. Keep sleeping.
Eager, determined, and raring to slay the day.
Eyes, forward! Time to achieve my goals!
Face everything today and rise!
Goodness gracious, the weekend went too fast!
Grind like there’s no tomorrow.
Hi there, I hope your Monday is marvelous.
Hmph! I already miss the weekend.
I guess I’m still alive.
I’m like 107% tired already.
I’m not ready for Monday. Can I have another Sunday?
Is Monday over yet?
It’s on! Time to make magic happen.
Just another manic Monday.
Keep calm and let’s get through Monday.
Making this week the week I change my life.
Monday has arrived! I repeat, Monday has arrived! This is not a drill!
Mondays are just mini new years.
New day. New week. New goals.
No better way to begin the week than with a hearty laughter!
Not ready. Not ready. Not ready.
Note to self: You did not force yourself to wake up today just to be mediocre.
Oh, come on! It’s Monday, not Doomsday.
Okay, let’s do this!
Once this day is over, I can spend the remaining days of this week in peace.
Rule #1 to Exercising: Never skip Monday!
Slay harder than last week.
Start by starting.
To sleep or not to sleep, that is the question.
Today is not Friday, that’s for sure. Bummer!
This is your Monday reminding you that you’re wonderful and that you can do anything.
Ugh, Mondays!
Wake me up when it’s Saturday.
When nothing good is happening, just go back to bed.
With enough coffee, even a Monday looks good.
You are powerful beyond measure, so seize the day!
A goal is a personal promise to your future self.
A little optimism in the morning, after you wake up, can change your whole day.
Attack Monday with fervor, zeal, laughter, and a hundred smiles.
Believe on Monday just like how you have faith on Sunday.
Chocolate is the universe’s way of making up for Mondays.
Do the things that really excite you and it wouldn’t matter if it’s Monday or Friday.
Do what makes you happy and Mondays will seem irrelevant.
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
Each day is an opportunity to try again.
Every Monday is a new chance to start a new productive week.
Every morning we have two choices: (1) Remain in bed and slumber with our dreams; and (2) Get out of bed and chase our dreams.
First days offer new beginnings.
Fresh beginnings mark new journeys of success.
Getting fresh perspective makes one realize that whatever difficulty they’re facing is not permanent.
Great Mondays are the ones I can spend in bed.
Have the right mindset and you can be happy on a Monday just as you are on a Friday.
If there’s one thing that we all really need, it’s a day between Sunday and Monday
Just once, I would like to get out of bed, check the news, and learn that “Monday is cancelled!”
Know that something good will always happen.
Let everything you do be done in name of love.
Manic Mondays don’t have control over your life. You are!
Mondays are only rough for people who don’t know how to spend them with a positive outlook.
Never allow any day of the week to have so much authority over your life.
No matter how the weekend went, Monday is always an opportunity for a fresh start.
Of all the days of the week, Monday blazes the trail and sets the tone.
Old ways won’t open new doors.
One doesn’t need be great to start. However, one does have to start to be great.
People seldom succeed unless what they’re doing brings them fun and excitement.
Please note that staying up all night doesn’t stop Monday from coming.
Reminding yourself that your dreams are always within reach is a good habit to have.
Run the day before the day runs you.
Some people just can’t be friends with Monday, but perhaps we could all move past the mutual enmity toward a more positive partnership one day.
Stay positive, work hard, and make it happen.
The beginning is always the most difficult part.
Today is your chance to make your future self proud.
Wake up with a sense of purpose, and go to bed with fulfilment.
What begins on Monday must carry through to Friday.
Work so hard on a Monday that you won’t need to work the rest of the week.
Yeah, it's Monday, but who said everything needs to be disappointing? Rebel against the norm and have yourself a great day.
You don’t need a new year to make drastic changes. All you need is a Monday.
Your early thoughts during Mondays dictates the tone for your whole week. See yourself being productive, getting stronger, achieving your goals, and living a happy life.
Always remember that today is just another day.
Be stronger than your excuses.
But, but, it was just Friday like five minutes ago.
Bye, weekend! See you again in a few days.
Checklist: Survive Monday!
Current mood: So much ugh!
Dear Monday, go step on a Lego!
Did you know that there’s 1,408 hours in a single day on Mercury? That’s just like Mondays here on Earth!
Do I really have to get out of bed today?
Even the finest weeks start with Monday.
Feels like the Mondayest Monday that ever Mondayed.
Fifty shades of tired.
Get up, be happy, and do great things.
Guess how many times I hit snooze on my alarm clock today.
How do weekends fly so quickly?! It’s so unfair! Send help, please.
I don’t think there’s enough coffee and middle fingers for this Monday.
I need a double dose of coffee and a happy pill for this week.
If Monday was a person, he/she would be my mortal enemy.
Is it Friday yet?
Just go with the flow.
Kick ass, no matter what the day is.
Make it happen. Shock each and every one of them.
Making this day my day!
Maybe Monday doesn’t like me either.
Merry Monday and happy new week!
Mondays were made for the bold, daring, and tenacious.
Nah, it’s still Sunday because I haven’t slept yet.
Negative vibes are so last week.
New doors. New breaks. New blessings.
New week, new me.
No matter how hard it is or how hard it gets, we’re gonna make it.
Not today, Satan. Not today.
Okay, let’s all just pretend it’s not Monday.
One day or day one? You decide.
Put a big smile on your face and own the day!
Put on your lucky underwear and get stuff done.
Reminder for today: stabbing people is wrong!
Sorry, I don’t think I can go to work today. I fractured my motivation.
Shortest Horror Story: Monday
Start now, not tomorrow.
Today is pre-pre-pre-pre-Friday!
We got this, y’all.
What a nice week to have a nice week!
What’s the best thing about Mondays? When they’re over!
Wind me up, it’s Monday again!
Wishing everyone a short Monday.
You will never experience this day again, so make it count.
Alive, breathing, living, and blessed.
Be good to me, please.
Become the best version of yourself today.
Bring it on, Monday!
Can’t we just skip Monday?
Crush. Your. Goals.
Don’t forget to be awesome.
Dreaming about Friday.
Even though it’s Monday, act like it’s Saturday.
Four days to go!
Happy, blessed, and awesome!
Here we go again!
Get up and create something amazing.
Go away, Monday!
Going beast mode today.
Grab some coffee and be awesome!
I have to endure this day 52 times a year?!
If days are gifts, then may I know where I can return Mondays?
Is it too early for me to be looking forward to Friday?
Just living my life as best as I could.
Let’s make a deal, Monday. You mind your own business and I mind my own.
Live today, not yesterday.
Make today ridiculously amazing!
May success be kind today.
Monday, why are always back so quickly?
Mondays should be optional.
Motivation, please come visit me today.
New dawn, new goals.
No one ever says: “Woohoo, it’s Monday!”
Nope, I’m not feeling this whole “Monday” thing.
Oh hello, new week. Let’s do this!
One of these day, everything will make sense.
Remember to smile and have fun today.
There is good in everything. All you need to do is train your mind to see them.
This week is going to be amazing!
Time to conquer the world.
Today is the best day to correct last week’s mistakes.
What a great day to be alive!
Why the heck is Monday so distant from Friday, and Friday so close to Monday?
Wishing you all a wonderful day.
With enough coffee, even today looks good.
Yeah, I’m totally ready for the weekend!
All I want is a relaxing weekend full of cuddles, self-indulgence, and glee.
Ain’t no weekend like a long weekend.
And now, it’s me time!
Being busy is a choice. Getting stressed is a choice. Welcoming happiness is a choice. Choose well!
Chill vibes only.
Choose to be happy.
Clinomania /cli·​no·​ma·nia/ (n.) The excessive desire to stay in bed.
Cooling down this weekend!
Do whatever your freedom permits you to do. Just don’t be stagnant.
Don’t you ever leave me, my beloved weekend!
Dope days, cool nights, good friends, and weekend vibes.
Eating is my hobby, so my weekends are mostly spent on binging and feasting.
Enjoy. Lather. Soak. Unwind.
Getting stuck in a time loop would be dope if it happens during the weekend.
Go where you breathe free.
Good food. Good friends. Good time.
Grab a friend and do something thrilling and exciting.
Have you heard? The weekend is here!
Hello, Saturday! You’re looking pretty fine.
Hey, hey, PJ’s all day!
I can finally go to bed.
If the only thing you plan on doing this weekend is breathing, then that’s fine as well.
Keep smiling and enjoy the weekend!
Let’s get this weekend therapy started!
Life is better in pajamas.
My dearest weekend, can you stay with me a little while longer?
Nothing like an extravagant breakfast to start the weekend right.
No weekend, all weakened.
Now is the right time to make peace with all your broken pieces.
On weekends, I wear pajamas.
Out of my way! It’s the weekend!
Plans that don’t serve you are best canceled.
Please, I don’t want the weekend to ever end.
Refuel your soul.
Rest easy and get all cozy.
Saturdays, comfy clothes, messy hair, music, and snacks.
Shopping till I drop.
Speak good words, think good things, and do good deeds.
Spending the weekend smiling and laughing.
Sunday brunch is my happy place.
Take a pause, breathe deeply, and relax.
Time to recover and think how you’re going to kill time.
Today looks like an amazing day to be happy.
Two days is not enough! There’s simply too much fun to be had during the weekends.
Ugh, why are there only two days in the weekend?!
Weekend forecast: refreshing drinks, extravagant revelries, and silly decisions.
Whatever you’re planning on doing this weekend, be sure it’s worth it and will make you happy.
When in doubt, chill out.
Yay, more time for me!
Yes, we can? More like, yes weekend!
A weekend well-spent brings a whole week of satisfaction and contentment.
A weekend wasted is no wasted weekend at all.
All happiness depends on a leisurely weekend.
Be in the habit of waking up early on Saturdays and Sundays. Why waste time in bed when you can have so much fun and more?
Blessed is the long weekend that it is succeeded by a short work week.
Clearing dust from the weekdays is the magical handiwork of the weekends.
Collect some extra energy from the weekdays if you can. You’ll need it if you want to run, play, jump, and goof around during the weekends!
During weekends, sleep until you’re hungry, and eat until you’re sleepy.
Empty gas tanks don’t get people anywhere. Always remember to take time to refuel.
Even if every single day is a gift, some days are just packaged better.
Find someone who will love you like you’re a Saturday evening. Drink, dance, spin, and be drunk in love!
Freedom begins where work ends. This is exactly what weekends are for.
Good weekends and silly companions create the best memories.
Happiness is not having to wake up super early in the morning because you’ve got mundane things to do.
Happy ends, more often than not, happen during weekends!
Having a wonderful and meaningful weekend means leaving all your weekday troubles and worries behind.
Imagine a life where every day is a Saturday or a Sunday. It must be heavenly and surreal. So try making every day your weekend.
It is during Saturdays and Sundays when all weekend wishes come true.
Keep chasing your goals. Weekends can wait.
Laughing and sleeping are the two best cures in the world. They’re even more effective during weekends.
Limits are your own choice. You set them yourself. So this weekend, try to break your limits and have a blast!
Many people spend their weekdays working really hard to reach the weekends. Some people spend their weekends working really smart to reach freedom.
No matter how demanding and tiresome the weekdays have been, the weekends will always come and let the good things in.
On the sixth day, God created humans. This kind of explains why humans are so full of flaws and imperfections. Not even God likes having to work on a Saturday.
Play, fun, and freedom from the weekends are best parted and imaginatively assimilated into busy weekdays.
Productive weekends require waking up early, basking in sunshine, breathing fresh air, making plans for yourself, and being goal-oriented.
Rainbows and weekends are alike in the sense that they seem spectacular from a distance but magically disappear when you try to get near them.
Remember that smiles can heal broken hearts and save dejected souls. Keep smiling and have a blessed weekend.
Saturdays are for adventure. Sundays are for cuddling.
Some days, I feel like I can rule the world. Other days, it can take me at least 5 hours to convince myself to take a bath.
Sunday feeling is almost the same everywhere—hefty, melancholic, and unmoving!
The most sacred part of the week is the weekend. It’s sacred because it’s usually the most dedicated time to rest and spend time with family and friends.
Tomorrow’s troubles won’t disappear even if spend some time worrying about them. What’s worse is that worrying snatches even today’s peace!
Vacation time is always a great time. It’s even greater when it happens during the weekends.
Weekends don’t count unless you squander them doing things that are absolutely nonsensical and silly.
With amusement, freedom, peace, and tranquility as companions during the weekends, who would not be happy?
You don’t really live during the first five days of the week. It is actually during the weekend that you can truly start living!
Am I doing anything on Saturday morning? Yes! I’m sleeping in.
Beast mode: OFF.
Bored at home, but lazy to go out.
Bra off. Hair up. Sweats on.
Calories don’t count on the weekend.
Celebrate, for the first day of your two-day R&R adventure is here!
Dear Saturday, you are the love of my life.
Don’t let idiots ruin your weekend.
Energy-saving mode, on!
Getting out of bed never.
Give someone a fish and they won’t go hungry for a day. Teach them how to fish and you can make them disappear for the entire weekend.
Happy lazy weekend.
Here’s to hoping your weekend is as nice as my butt.
Hey, Saturday! What does it feel like being the envy of all the other days of the week?
How would the week even fare without the weekend?
I love working on Saturdays, said no one ever.
I’m not afraid to do shameful things this weekend, so please bear with me.
If you’re reading this, may your weekend be full of sunshine, fresh air, and relaxation.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Weekend!
Leave a little enthusiasm wherever you go today.
Let’s get Saturday drunk this Sunday!
Live every day like it’s Saturday.
May everyone’s weekend be filled with inappropriate behavior and fun.
My goal this weekend is to move just barely enough so that everyone knows I’m still alive.
My neck, my back, my weekend, and my snacks.
Namastay in bed.
No plans sound like a good plan!
Now taking suggestions for afternoon snacks.
Partying is actually my thing. And by partying, I mean napping.
Plans? I’m going on a marathon! On Netflix.
Reminder: The “responsible adult button” has been switched off!
Roses are red. I’m going to bed.
Satur-yay!
The early bird can feast on a worm breakfast buffet for all I care! Worms are disgusting and early mornings are stupid!
Then I whispered to myself: “I need to stop”, as I watched another episode.
This weekend, let us all be as useless as the “g” in lasagna.
Turn the magic on!
Waste time wisely.
Why go out and mingle with other people when there’s a reliably fast internet connection and tasty snacks at home?
You know what I love about waking up early on a weekend morning? None of it! Let me sleep.
A sunshine state of mind.
An investment in rest is always a good investment.
Be lowkey and let people wonder.
Better an oops than a what if.
Cheers to the weekend.
Dance, even if your life isn’t the party you hoped for. Celebrate the weekend anyway!
Dear weekend, I like you. Love, me.
Doing everything and nothing, but having a great time.
Easy like Sunday morning.
Even my alarm clock is on a day-off today.
Find time to make your soul happy.
Going places and doing things.
Good food, good books, and a good conscience. What more can I wish for?
Here’s the weekend situation: there is no situation!
Hey, hey, Saturday and Sunday!
Hi, weekend! You can stay as long as you like.
I have big plans for the weekend! Bed, books, and hot cocoa.
If spending the whole weekend in bed is what you want, then by all means, suit yourself. After all, it’s the time you’ve earned for yourself.
It’s a messy hair and comfy sleepwear kind of day.
Kick your shoes off and enjoy.
Let’s hang out!
Live without regrets.
Look out weekend, here I come!
Major love for long weekends.
Make this drowsy weekend different from the rest by blowing the cobwebs away for a change.
May everyone’s weekend feel longer than the workweek.
Movement is optional today.
My Saturday game is definitely going to be strong. After all, it’s the weak end!
No quotation in this world can ever fully describe how glorious the weekend is.
Nothing but good vibes and blue skies.
Okay, let’s get this weekend started by taking a smallish nap or two.
On Saturdays and Sundays, we relax.
Oversleep this weekend.
Relax, chill out, and unwind.
Saturday and Sunday fun days!
Self-care is when you say “no” to weekend plans.
Sip, sip, hooray!
Stretch and relax. It’s time to unwind.
Sunday and sunshine.
So, which morning cartoon should I watch today?
The best days are here!
These are the days we all work for.
Unless it’s an emergency, please don’t bother me.
Weekends don’t pay as well as weekdays, but at least I can do whatever the f*ck I want!
Weekend vibes.
Why should anyone delay the fun for the weekend?
You deserve an award for surviving the week. Have a great weekend!
You know you had an amazing week. Rest well!
They said I couldn’t, so I did.
My life. My rules. My attitude.
Always hungry for success.
Follow me if you fancy being second.
Treat me well and I’ll double the favor.
‘Tis a personality you can’t handle.
No explanation needed. I know I’m right.
I can soar the greatest heights all because I have the courage to fly.
I’m making yesterday jealous by making today awesome!
Good is not good enough. I deserve more and that’s greatness.
If you can’t convince them, confuse them.
Pick a good attitude and everything shall fall into place.
Judge me and I’ll prove you wrong.
My success is my revenge to my enemies.
I don’t compare myself with others. I know I am the best in my own way.
I’m sorry if you don’t understand my level of thinking.
Be the art that no one understands.
You know where people who gossip about me behind my back belong? Behind my back.
Impossible is not in my dictionary.
How could there be any competition when there’s no one who can be me?
Next stop: The top!
No alarm clock needed. My passion wakes me up.
It’s the will, not the skill.
Too lit to quit.
Do you want to know the reason behind my smile? It’s me.
I can’t stop being awesome. It’s in my blood.
Kinda care, kinda don’t.
My attitude is a virus that’s well worth catching.
I don’t have an attitude problem. You have a problem with my attitude and that’s not my problem.
Practice like you’ve never won. Perform like you’ve never lost.
There’s no need to sit at the table when you’re on the menu.
If your path demands you to walk through hell, walk as if you own the place.
Only I can change my own life.
I’m the star that will make my own dreams come true.
My success is what I use to slap my enemies.
I don’t have a bad attitude, but I have a good appetite
I would agree with you, but then we would both be wrong.
It was global warming that made me this hot.
If you like me, raise your hand. If you don’t, raise your standards.
Why chase anyone when I’m the catch?
All eyes on the biggest fight in history: Me vs. Me! Because my only competition is myself.
Smile, it confuses people.
Be smart but don’t be a smart-ass.
Where’s my Oscar award for acting like I care?
I smile in the face of trouble.
When the Devil saw me, he exclaimed: “Oh sh*t, a competitor!”
I am an esteemed graduate of the University of Selfies.
I love the sound of people shutting up their mouth.
The brain is such an awesome thing. I wish everyone had it.
I don’t sweat. I sparkle!
I may not have money, but I sure do have this hell of an attitude.
On the way to Crazy Town! Who wants to come with me?
Life is short. If you can’t laugh at yourself, I’d be more than willing to laugh at you instead.
When life throws a rock at you, build a catapult and hurl back a boulder.
I’d worship me if I were you.
Kindness is so gangster.
The only time you should check on me is when you’ve got a check for me.
Of course I talk to myself. Sometimes, I need expert advice.
I don’t give a sh*t from the bottom of my heart.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
Laugh with many, but don’t trust any.
It’s not that I don’t like you. All I’m saying is that if you were aflame and I had a glass of water, I’d drink it in one gulp.
I’m not ignoring you. I’m bust building my empire.
Never argue with idiots. They’ll drag you down to their level.
Oh darling, go buy a brain.
When life gives you lemons, squeeze them in your haters’ eyes.
Go to hell? Where do you think I came from?
Rain on my parade and I’ll poke your eyes with my umbrella.
Life is too short to wear dull and boring outfits.
What if I fall? Oh, darling, what if you fly?
Have you ever felt like your entire life is just a big school exam? I sure did, and I’m quite certain that I didn’t study for it.
Good day, this is your trashcan speaking.
My life’s purpose is to be a cautionary tale for others.
Yeah, I know. I hate me too.
“Today is not my day,” I mutter to myself every single day.
My teacher called me average. How mean!
My entire life is a big joke. So, tell why exactly I need to celebrate April Fool’s Day again?
I’m actually a very hardworking person. Almost everything becomes harder when I’m the one working on it.
No one can possibly hope to compete with me when it comes to being hard on myself. So, if you’re only here to judge me, please keep it to yourself and just shove it up your arse!
They say money talks. But all mine says is goodbye.
How do I moisturize my face? I use my own tears!
I know I’m ugly, but at least I’m still trying.
There’s no way I’m willing to learn new skills unless I’m instantly proficient at them. Yeah, I know that at this point, I’m pretty much just sabotaging my own life.
I just realized that my life can’t fall apart if I never had it together in the first place.
I might be obnoxious, but at least I’m also annoying.
Am I a good person? No. But do I try to make myself a better person each day? Also no.
I’m like 113% tired.
I wouldn’t even settle for me, so why would you?
The only abs I have are abnormalities.
I’m quite smart and intelligent. Most of the time, I don't even understand a single word of what I’m talking about.
I may be trash, but I burn with a bright flame.
Using the “y=mx+b” formula, calculate the slope at which my life is going downhill.
I’m dropping it like it’s my hopes and dreams.
Oh yes, I'm a hot mess!
I put the ace in disgrace!
I found a way to not get cheated on. Just have a self-destructive personality and a tendency to self-sabotage. Trust me, this will keep you single for the rest your days.
To the powers that be, if it’s inevitable that something bad must happen to me, at least make it funny.
Everyone’s so dope, and I’m so nope.
My exercise routine includes running away from my problems, running late, and running my mouth non-stop.
I don’t suffer from insanity. I actually derive excitement from every second of it.
I can’t deny that I made a lot of mistakes when I was younger. I’m older now, so I can make different, yet more severe mistakes.
Sorry, demons! There’s no room inside me because I’m self-possessed.
I feel like I’m already tired tomorrow.
In photos, I’m ugly. In real life, I’m also ugly!
I can’t exactly shame myself into becoming a better person, right?
You’re guessing that out of the 7 billion people here on Earth, I’m going to chase someone who doesn’t even like me? Well, watch me closely because that’s exactly what I’m going to do.
It’s true that I’m CUTE: C(ringy), U(nattractive), T(rash), and E(asy to forget).
When I’m ready to sleep, I don’t bother checking if my foot is hanging off the end of my bed anymore. Come get me, demons, I’m already living in hell.
Do you want to hear a funny joke? My life. *LOL*
Worrying works! More than 90 percent of the things I worry about never happen.
Whenever I look at the mirror, it shows me what I lack, not what I have.
The only time I’m funny is when I insult myself.
I’m probably going to regret everything in 3...2...1...
Not to brag, but I haven’t had a mood swing in, like, 7 minutes.
One thing that’s emptier than my wallet is my heart.
I chuckle whenever people try to figure what’s going on in my head. Like, good luck, I can’t even figure myself out.
I used to be indecisive. Now, I don’t think I’m quite sure anymore.
There's no law that says you have to be dissatisfied or disappointed with who you are.
I’m human garbage. At the very least, please dispose of me properly.
They told me that I can become anything if I willed it. So, I became a disappointment.
I find it amusing when people try to insult me. They have no idea that I roast myself on a daily basis.
If the government can shut down, then why can’t I?
Pokemon? It’s funny that I’m trying to catch them all, yet I can’t even find myself.
What would have happened if you exterminated the ugliest guy and the dumbest guy in the world yesterday? Right, this post wouldn’t exist.
How to look good while crying?
My clear conscience is just a sign of bad memory.
I actually have friends despite of myself.
Like a garbage phoenix, I will rise from the dumps.
*winks at my reflection in the mirror* *reflection walks away*
I have a good heart, but I really should fix this mouth of mine.
People say that I’m creative and I couldn’t agree more because I create most of my own problems.
All my imaginary friends tell me that I need therapy.
“You are what you eat.” I call BS! I don’t even remember eating.
What a beautiful day to hate on myself.
Having very low expectations is the secret to happiness. Should I drop it more? Okay, I’ll go even lower. There you go.
Don’t mind me. I’m just having an existential crisis. Move along, folks.
Deep inside, I’m already dead. Still, I want to make other people feel alive and good.
I believe in my pet dog/cat more than I believe in myself.
People call me an alcoholic whenever I drink alcohol. But, when I drink Fanta, people never call me fantastic.
I’m at a really low point right now. But the good news is: the worst is just ahead!
I’ve been single ever since I mingled.
Every day is Friday when you’re unemployed.
Life is like a box of chocolates. But for some reason, I got the gross dark chocolate with the orange flavor in the middle.
Do mood swings count as exercise?
The good news is: I’m pretty much who I say I am. The bad news is: I’m pretty much who I say I am.
Will this outfit get me the romantic partner of my dreams? Tune in tomorrow for the next episode of “Nope.”
So, I stumbled upon this question asking if I’m an early bird or a night owl? I’m neither! I’m some form of permanently-exhausted pigeon.
Think of each day as another chance to f*ck everything up again.
We're all trash, quite frankly.
My fridge is as empty as me.
Don't get me wrong, being naked feels awesome, and I wish I could do it more. Well, just without any of the visual consequences.
How can I face my problem when my problem is my face?
I said “hello” to darkness my old friend, and it told me that it doesn’t want to be my friend.
What?! I have to go outside so people would be able to see me and interact with me? Well, that pretty much explains why I’m still single.
Relationship goals: A relationship!
If body heat was based on physical attractiveness, everyone within a 1-mile radius of me would freeze to death.
Someone, please help me! I’m way too young to be this old already.
I'm the human equivalent of a typo.
What do you mean, “What have I been up to?” I’m out here ruining my own life as always!
What’s wrong, you say? Nothing. This is just the normal expression of my face?
Not the best, but still good.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but hurtful words can't reach me anymore because anything mean you say to me, I've definitely said it to myself at some point in my life.
I’m pretty sure I’m going to end up having 20 cats in my old age.
One of the best things I like to do is going home to be ugly in peace.
I don't know, I'm just a potato.
Getting lit in the depression pit.
I’ve got 99 problems, and 98 of them can be attributed to poor time management and self-control.
If I remember correctly, the last time that I was someone’s type was when I was donating blood in the blood drive.
I’m proud to say that I never make the same mistake twice. I commit my mistakes more than twice just to make sure.
Self-deprecating humor is my cardio.
I’m clapping my hands because I’m ugly and I know it.
Those haters have no idea what they’re doing! I’ll show them how it’s done by hating myself most.
Alas, I finally discovered the reason why I look so bad in photos. It’s my face.
Just because I’m trash doesn’t mean I won’t be able to achieve great things. Remember, it’s called a garbage can, not a garbage cannot.
Time to get back on my regularly scheduled bullsh*t.
Well, look who we have here. If it isn’t the consequence of my bad decision.
I hate losing more than anything in the world. That’s why I can’t lose any weight.
New look, same mistakes.
Last night I got asked out by not one, not two, but zero people!
Feel free to use me as a bad example. That way, I won’t be totally useless.
Who needs to eat when you’re already so full of sadness?
I’m posting this to make everyone else feel better about themselves. You’re welcome.
I’m somewhere in between trying to live my life and trying to run away from it.
There’s no way you would be able to handle me at my worst. Also, I don’t have a best, because I'm always awful.
Today’s a really wonderful day. I don’t trust it.
Do you ever see a photo of yours and you almost can't believe how ugly you really are?
I don’t have a nervous system. I am a nervous system!
Watch me make bad decisions even without the influence of alcohol.
I accidentally messed up my life. How do start a new account?
I’m on my 36th selfie attempt, and I’m still refusing to acknowledge that this isn’t my day.
I have more conversations with the voices in my head than I do with actual people.
My future self is probably talking sh*t about me right now, so I’m going to ruin his/her life.
Watch me go lower than rock bottom!
I question my sanity a lot of times. Every now and then, it replies.
Who needs sleep when you’ve been dead inside for many years.
Ever accidentally thrown something away and then later realize you needed it? Hahaha, I did this with own my life.
Guess who’s posting self-deprecating stuff instead of doing something productive and worthwhile?
Will my anxiety leave me too if I fall in love with it?
When I feel bad, I just remember that I’m someone’s reason to smile because I’m a joke!
Add water, boil it for 3-5 minutes, and you’re done!
Anytime, anywhere—perfect to have as a meal or a snack!
Are you having a rough day? Eat ramen.
Broth, egg, pork belly and all—I love ramen!
But first, ramen.
Call me ramen-sensei!
Chopsticks away!
Do it for the noodles.
Eat. Sleep. Ramen. Repeat.
Extra broth, please!
Finally, some ramen. Cravings satisfied!
Great taste in every drop.
Heat it and eat it.
Heavenly taste in every slurp.
How festive this bowl looks!
I cherish ramen and maybe like 2 people.
I drink a fair amount of ramen broth.
I might have a ramen problem.
I spilled ramen on myself and screamed: “But it wasn’t even hot.”
I’m the senpai everyone was talking about.
I’ve got 99 problems and ramen can solve them all.
If I get hospitalized for any reason, I want an ramen IV drip. 
It’s a noodle kind of night!
Just a simple human who loves anime and ramen.
Keep calm and eat ramen.
Less people, more ramen.
Let’s ramen and chill?
Miso, shoyu, shio, tonkotsu—I love them all!
My body runs on ramen.
My taste buds are lighting up like fireworks
No matter how famished I get, ramen is what I crave.
Nothing can beat this taste!
One day, I will become the Hokage!
Oodles of noodles for me.
Perfect for the cold weather.
Proud member of the ramen lovers club.
Ramen makes me happy. You, not so much.
Reach for the ramen.
Slurping away like I don’t care.
So many flavors in one bowl. Yummy!
Sold my soul for a flavorful bowl of ramen.
Sometimes, I wonder if ramen thinks about me too.
The only men I like is ramen.
Try it once, you get hooked for life. 
What a massive noodle bowl!
When life gives you ramen, you slurp it.
Wipe your tears and have a bowl of ramen instead.
10% noodles, 90% love.
A bowl of happiness.
A festival of flavors.
Big fan of ramen.
Craving noodles.
For hungry people like me.
Fueled by ramen.
Full of awesomeness.
Glorious noodles.
Happiness in a cup.
Happy and contented.
Hearty and delicious.
Instant breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Invigorating!
It’s ramen weather!
Itadakimasu!
Just noodling around.
Kawaii noodles.
Looks like a winner!
Love at first slurp.
Makes my tummy happy.
Mmmmm!
More noodles, please.
Nani?!
No ramen, no life.
Noodles forever!
Noodles with love.
Powered by noodles.
Ramen lover.
Ramen? Ramen!
Rich and flavorful.
Shining, shimmering, splendid.
Slurp, slurp!
So much flavor!
Snuggling with noodles.
Think noodles.
Totally worth it!
Want some? Get some.
90% of the effort is in the broth.
Ask me about my food.
Behold, the deliciousness of ramen!
Born to eat ramen.
Bowl looking like an ocean of flavors.
Cup ramen is a real lifesaver.
Do you want something delicious, but you’re too lazy to cook? Instant ramen to the rescue!
Don’t waste your day. Eat ramen!
Eating noodles for long life.
Enjoying every last strand and drop.
Filling my tummy with delicious.
Here’s a delightful bowl of smiles.
Hot damn, this looks great!
How many days straight can I eat this without dying?
Hungry? Why wait? Grab a cup of noodles.
I think, therefore noodles.
I would eat ramen every day if it were up to me.
I wouldn’t be who I am today if it weren’t for instant noodles.
I’m on a Naruto diet.
In the mood for noodles.
Jam-packed with tasty ingredients!
Just add water.
Keep calm and slurp ramen noodles.
Looking for hot men? Have a ramen.
Melt-in-your-mouth chashu is the best!
My needs are simple.
Noodles make me happy.
Nothing comes between me and my bowl of ramen.
Perks of dating me: I’ll make you ramen!
Ramen is my religion.
Sometimes, I’m hungry. Other times, I’m asleep.
Sorry, I didn’t catch what you said. I was thinking about ramen.
Super bowl is all about noodles.
This whole bowl is crazy sexy!
Use your noodles, make some ramen!
When in doubt, add seasonings.
Whoever invented cup ramen is a genius!
With plenty of green onions and minced garlic.
You better believe it!
You just can’t stop after starting.
A vacation is always necessary.
Adventure time!
As free as the drifting clouds.
Being entertained by nature.
Calming my nerves and soothing my soul with a relaxing vacation.
Coming back home as happy as I left. What a vacation!
Do more of what makes you happy.
Don’t keep vacation waiting. It’s not polite!
Don’t listen to what they say. Go see!
Don’t stress, just relax.
Either you take it easy or you take a vacay. Both sound good!
Extend your vacation whenever possible.
Even the waves are waving at me.
Feet on the sandy shore and a fancy drink in my hand.
Find the place that fills you with delight, and go there.
Finding clarity and purpose.
Going somewhere I’ve never been to before.
Going to a place where the sun kisses the ocean.
Good vibes happen on the tides.
Happiness comes in waves.
Healing my body and mind with vacation.
Here’s to a vacation of no regrets!
I just love barefoot adventures!
I’m all about the palm trees and ocean waves.
I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be.
If not now, then when?
If there’s a will, there’s a wave.
Just go.
Let the stress go, and let the peace in.
Letting my body and mind wander a bit.
Life is better in flip flops.
Lost in paradise.
Love is in the air, and it’s salty.
Love you to the beach and back.
May the waves wash all of my problems away.
Meet me where the clouds glide over the mountain ranges.
My heart is calling out for the sea.
My idea of relaxation is sand between my toes.
Nature is the best therapist!
No matter where the destination is, I’m on my way!
Not all those who wander are lost.
Ocean air, salty hair, don’t care!
Off the grid.
Offline mode.
Oh darling, let’s be adventurers.
Problems shrink in the face of vacation.
Ready for take off.
Respectably lazy.
Rise and shine, it’s beach walking time!
Saltwater heals everything.
Say yes to adventure, especially in the summer.
Seeing something once surpasses hearing about it a hundred times.
Spending time at my happy place.
Stress relieved, boredom cured.
Take only memories, leave only footprints.
Taking the scenic route.
The journey itself is my home.
There’s no such thing as a regrettable vacation.
Unplugged.
Unwinding in a place where summer never ends.
Vacation time!
When all else fails, take a vacation.
Where to next?
A change of pace and place can impart new vigor to the mind.
All it takes to fully recharge one’s energy is to unplug completely for one whole day.
Appliances usually work again after unplugging them for a few minutes. The same is true for humans.
Disregarding vacation means neglecting success.
Doing nothing all day can be a very liberating experience.
Eager anticipation is what makes vacations superbly exciting.
Embrace the pace of nature. Patience has always been the secret.
Eventually, life becomes a full-time job. It is important to learn how to take a break every once in a while.
Every getaway adventure has a story to tell.
Family vacations create the best memories.
For any vacation to be beneficial, it has to have a healthy balance of three things—exercise, food, and amusement!
Heal yourself first before anything else.
Home in motion is when you go on a vacation with the people you cherish the most.
If you want to learn about people, go on a vacation with them.
Know that the best time to relax is when you think you don’t have time for it.
Laughter can send anyone to a vacation in a split second.
Life is what you make it, so turn it into a grand vacation!
Life may be inescapable, but that doesn’t mean you can’t go on a escapade.
Living wherever your vacation destination is, means being on vacation all the time.
Most problems can be solved by a worry-free vacation.
Nothing haunts people like the vacations they didn’t take.
One way of succeeding in life is turning your vocation into your vacation.
People don’t take trips. Trips take people.
Planning a vacation trip is already half the battle.
Rest is one of the best investments in the world.
Routine can be lethal. Take a break whenever you can.
Some of the most brilliant ideas pop-up during vacation.
Sometimes, freedom from our own mind is the only vacation we need.
The longer your vacation is, the happier and healthier you get.
The ultimate catharsis is a grand getaway adventure.
There’s no energy reserve a nice vacation can’t fill.
When it comes to soothing the body, mind, and soul, vacation is a real genius!
Work while you can, rest when you must.
You know it’s a good vacation when you begin longing for work.
You owe it to yourself to allot time for vacation.
A change in latitude every now and then does good for the attitude.
And I said to myself: “What a wonderful world!”
Beach more, worry less.
Beach therapy solves a lot of problems.
Busy flirting with the sweet and easy life.
Chilling out on a comfy hotel bed can be very therapeutic.
Do I really need to go back to work after this?
Don’t worry, get sandy!
During vacations, stress doesn’t go with my getup.
Excuse me while I taunt my social network friends with another picture of my vacation.
Even clowns need rest.
Getaways are good for the heart.
Great things come to those who book vacation flights.
Happier than a seagull that just stole food from unsuspecting beach-goers.
Happily married with my bed.
Here’s my resting beach face.
I’m so ready to do nothing.
If only vacations lasted for 6 months and occurred twice a year.
If you ever need me, you can get in touch with me through my shell phone.
Keep calm? I can’t because my well-deserved break is here!
Let’s wander where the WiFi is weak.
Mentally, I’m always on vacation.
Namastay in bed all day!
On vacation and the world is mine.
Only amateurs experience jet lag!
Productivity peaks on the day just before vacation.
Running to the boarding gate is my kind of workout.
Set your clock to beach time.
Someone kidnap me please and take me on a vacation.
Stay salty, stay beachy.
Taking a break from my circus of a daily life.
Taking a short break. Be back never!
The mountains are calling. I must go!
The only time I love my job is when I’m on vacation.
There no such thing as vacation overdose. If you think your vacation is too long, then you probably need another vacation.
They told me to follow my heart. So, I went to the airport for a vacation trip!
Time for some vitamin sea!
Vacation is always better with no rowdy children around.
Vacationing until I forget all my passwords.
We all dream of far away! Let’s fly away!
While I’m on vacation, calories don’t count.
Who cares about the question?! Vacation will always be the answer!
Yeah, working is great. But, have you ever tried going on a vacation?
You can never have too much beach!
All I need is a few days...or weeks, or months, or years...of vacation.
Bathing in the sunshine and drinking the wild air.
Change your thoughts to get rid of the stressful thoughts. A change of scenery also works!
Chilling beneath the stars.
Count not the days, but the moments.
Do you want to see magic? Just one flick of a finger and I’ll be in my vacation destination.
Doing myself a favor by going on a vacation.
Don’t bother me. I’m on vacation!
Find your bliss.
Get your feet dirty, and your hair messy.
Go and see all you possibly can!
Go with all your heart!
Happiness is a well-deserved vacation.
Hello, holidays! I’m so happy to see you again.
Hooray, I don’t need to set the alarm for tomorrow.
I just love being on vacation!
I wish I had more vacation days.
I’m falling in love with this place.
I’ve got that long weekend feeling.
Let travel bug bite you and be happily infected.
Life should have more mountains and less stress.
Looking for a beautiful place to get lost.
Lost in the right direction.
My favorite vacation place is anywhere by the ocean.
Never feel guilty about vacationing.
No need to wait for vacation. Enjoy it now, today, wherever you are.
Packing for an adventure somewhere far.
Relax and renew your mind.
Say “yes” to new adventures!
Taking a break before I break.
The more you play, the more you pay.
The sand will eventually wash off. And the tans will soon fade. The memories, however, shall stay forever.
Sunrises and sunsets are simply beautiful. Enjoy them while you’re on vacation!
These are little moments that truly count.
Three-day weekends are my favorite kind of weekends.
Travel is the healthiest addiction.
Turns out, I just needed a vacation.
Vacation mode activated!
Venture into the place where you feel alive the most.
Work less and vacation more!
10/10, would smash.
All age groups approve of this.
Always on a mission for the most perfect burger.
Burger + Bacon = Perfect Combo!
Check out this magnificent beast.
Cheeseburgers are the reason why I exercise vigorously. 
Did you know that a cold beef patty is called a brrger?
Don’t be sad. We live in a reality where burgers exist.
Eating like I mean it.
Extra cheese, please!
Every day is cheeseburger day.
Following your heart will eventually lead you to burgers.
God bless all cows!
Got my buns off the couch and brought them here just to have these buns.
Hamburgers belong in my stomach.
Hanging out with my grilled friend.
Here I come, diet. Prepare to be annihilated!
How many workout sessions does one burger equal again?
I love cows! Like where else would I get my burger from?
I’d walk a mile just for you.
I’ll have a salad served between two buns and a quarter pound of beef.
I’m sorry for how grumpy I was before I had my cheeseburger.
If I’m going to eat poorly, I’m going all the way.
In an unhealthy relationship with cheeseburgers.
Just a cheeseburger; and yet...something so much more.
Ketchup is dripping down my face? I don’t care!
Late-night cravings solved!
Let the burger party begin!
Life is always better with a hamburger on hand.
My body is starting to turn into a burger.
My bun is done. Yay!
My brain screams exercise, but my heart whispers cheeseburger.
Now that’s a tasty burger!
Oh, the things I would do just for a bite.
Ohhh.... Tasty... Mmmm... Oooo... Yeaaahhhh... 
Paradise between two buns.
Quarter pound? Half pound? Give me a whole pound!
Say cheese (burger)!
Saying this is just a cheeseburger is like saying Mona Lisa is just a painting.
There’s no “we” in cheeseburger.
Today is cheat day!
When life gives you a hamburger, you eat it without delay!
Who’s the burger boss? It’s me!
Whoever invented the cheeseburger is a genius!
Will run for burgers.
Yes, I lift. Now ask me how many burgers I can lift.
Absolutely delicious!
After-gym reward.
Burger heaven.
Burgerlicious!
Cheeseburger-holic.
Come eat with me.
Cuckoo for hamburgers!
Extra cheese, extra happiness.
Flavor-loaded.
Flip that bun.
Food for my sanity.
Got beef?
Grill and chill.
Hamburger goals.
Hasty and tasty.
Holy cow!
Homemade happiness.
Hot off the grill.
I approve this bun.
It’s burger o’clock!
Juicy patty, good mouthfeel.
Make burgers, not war.
My comfort food.
My taste buds are happy.
Nom, nom, nom.
Only from the best cows.
Satisfying my hunger.
Saved by burger.
Seared nice and slow.
Snack attack!
Super delicious!
Tastiest burger ever!
The ultimate cheat meal.
Weekends, friends, and hamburgers.
A certain degree of creative thinking is required to see the true beauty of a hamburger.
A good hamburger is the foundation of real happiness.
A great way to navigate a country is through its burger joints.
As long as you’re eating a burger, no problem shall bother you for the moment.
Awesome tales are like the best burgers: big, juicy, and messy.
Better to wait a little time for you burger than to have your burger wait a long time for you.
Burgers and fries fix everything.
Casual food can be so romantic at times.
Cheating is fine as long as it’s with a burger.
Don’t miss out on double cheeseburgers while you’re still alive.
Eating a burger is serious business.
Everyone wants a burger every now and then, and that’s totally fine.
Friends will buy you a burger. But best friends? Ah, they’ll eat your burger without a second thought!
Having a good time with friends is even better when done eating burgers.
Heal thy burgers!
Holy cows make the best burgers.
It’s just a piece of meat between buns and other stuff, but it makes a lot of people happy.
It’s dangerous to pair loneliness with hamburgers.
Laughter is loudest where there are burgers.
Nothing rivals the pleasure of sinking your teeth into a delicious cheeseburger.
One burger won’t make you fat. It’ll only increases your happiness levels.
One can’t simply drive past a burger joint.
Out of the strong came forth burger.
Sharing a burger is an intimate act of love, generosity, and companionship.
Some look good, some look bad, and some look like something you want to eat.
The best stories ever told began with a burger.
The more one adds into a burger, the better it becomes.
The only bad burger is the one you didn’t consume.
The journey of a thousand pounds begins with a single burger.
To eat a burger is science.To enjoy eating it is an art.
When the going gets tough, you grill the tough.
Who can live without burgers and fries?
Without cheese, a burger is akin to a hug without a squeeze.
You don’t need silver cutlery to eat a dandy burger.
A well-deserved burger for me.
Bacons make burgers even better.
Burger? Yes, please!
Burgers over bae.
Came for the burger, stayed for the fries.
Eat healthy, stay fit, and have a cheese burger to keep your sanity in check.
Extra beef, hold the lettuce.
Good lord, it’s beautiful!
Ground beef between my teeth.
Hamburgers cure what ails you.
Here’s my reward to myself for a job well done.
I can haz cheezburger?
I had this beauty delivered.
If eating burger is wrong, then I don’t want to be right.
If this looks cheesy to you, that’s because it is.
It has tomato and lettuce, so burger is a salad.
It doesn’t get any tastier than this!
Let me introduce you to my burger... Meet Patty.
Many people crave for a romantic relationship. I’m just craving for a burger that looks like the ones in posters and ads.
Meat or otherwise, each burger is special.
Messy and I love it!
Mmmm...eating till I fall asleep!
My goal is to become fit. Now fit this burger in my mouth!
Not gonna lie, this is sexy.
Nothing wrong with a second or third burger when they look so tasty.
Now this is what I call—instant gratification!
Put an egg in it and you’ve got breakfast.
Say double cheese!
Shiny buns, gooey cheese, and juicy meat—this is the perfect burger for me!
Thank God for cheeseburgers!
Tomatoes grow up to be ketchup.
Too much cheese? You wish! Gimme more!
Why does this cheeseburger look better than me?
Yes, I’m cheating on you...with a hamburger.
You make it kinda hard not to stare.
A taste that melts in the mouth.
An addiction to be sure, but a welcoming one.
Behold the power of milk!
Cheese is what keeps the world on its toes.
Crackers ready; I’m going to the moon!
Delicious whether eaten alone or paired.
Did you know that cheese has a high concentration of casein? That stuff is what makes it addictive!
Dreaming of a mountain of shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano.
Everyone should have a block of cheese somewhere in their fridge.
Exactly the kind of thing you could eat and eat without getting tired.
Find me where the cheesy things are.
Gooey cheese is the glue that keeps my life from falling apart.
Goes hand-in-hand with toast!
Healthy cheese from the best dairy!
Here’s to saying “cheese” for all the things I’m grateful for.
I was probably a mouse in my previous life.
I’m no doctor but I know that adding cheese to anything makes it an anti-depressant.
It ain’t easy being cheesy.
Just hand me a sharp knife and a sharp cheese, and I’ll be one happy soul.
Keep calm and eat cheese.
Life’s most pleasurable moments, somehow, involve cheese.
Love comes in many forms: shredded, sliced, melted…name it!
Mild is how I like it.
My body runs on cheese—mac, grilled, or otherwise!
My poor lactose-intolerant self...oh well!
No one can ever convince me that the moon ain’t made of cheese!
Nothing is closer to my heart than cheese. As a matter of fact, my aorta is nearly filled with the stuff, the doctor told me that.
Occasionally, I find myself munching on a block of cheddar.
Right now, I’m as single as a slice of cheese.
Say what now?
So delicious, I’m drooling!
So many kinds, so many surprises.
Stop making resolutions and start eating cheese.
The best things in life are cheese.
The cheesier, the better!
The power of cheese is extraordinary.
Well, many are the long nights when I've dreamt of cheese—melted, mostly.
When cheese is the one being photographed, what does it say?
Why do some people even do drugs? Like, have they ever tried cheese?
With cheese in hand and a big smile, I will conquer the world.
You make me melt.
A punch to the palate.
Addicted to cheese.
Always in style.
Aging like fine cheese.
Best flavor enhancer!
But first, cheese.
Cheese that please.
Cheese-licious goodness!
Corpse of milk gone good.
Deliciously cheesy.
Everything is better with cheese.
Extra cheese, please!
For the love of cheese!
Gooey and oozy.
Grab the queso!
Greatest thing ever!
Immortal taste.
Keep it cheesy.
Made from real milk.
Makes meals legendary.
Milk’s leap towards immortality.
Molten goodness.
My kind of addiction.
No cheese, no squeeze.
One of life’s greatest pleasures.
Oozing with appeal!
Perfectly paired with every day.
Putting pleasure first.
Rich, smooth, and distinctive.
Say cheese!
Sliced and diced!
Smiling extra big.
Stay cheesy.
Stringy, not mingy.
Sounds cheesy to me.
The stronger, the better!
The tummy treat!
The ultimate comfort food.
Uplifts the mood.
You belong in my tummy.
Absence makes the heart grow fondue.
Brie mine.
Certified cheese-a-holic!
Cheese be with you.
Cheesus Christ!
Cheesy puns crack-er me up!
Curd your enthusiasm.
Don’t be such a curd!
Everything with cheese mac me so happy.
Found the fontina of youth.
Grilled cheese is satisfying, nothing odd to see here.
Hakuna ricotta!
Have a grate day!
Hello, is it brie you’re looking for?
Hugs and cheeses.
I cheese to be happy.
I hope you have a gouda day.
I’m so fondue you.
In queso emergency, eat cheese.
Just in queso you didn’t know, this is the best!
One of the gouda ones.
Puns are not cheesy; they’re gouda.
Really grilled to see you!
Sweet dreams are made of cheese.
Thank you dairy much!
That’s what cheese said.
This might sound cheesy, but you’re the gratest!
To brie or not to brie, that is the question!
Whisper words of wisdom, letter brie.
Will you brie my partner?
You feta believe it!
You may not be a Pokémon, but I cheese you!
You’ll be moo’d over.
A slice is never enough.
All of my go-to food have cheese in them, somehow.
Bite into the cheesier side of life.
Cheddar, gouda, pepper jack…all are gifts from God.
Does anyone else dream about cheese at night or is that just me?
Even if I’m lactose intolerant, if you tell me that I can’t have cheese, I would slap you in your face.
Fun fact: cheese stimulates the brain the same way hard drugs do.
Heavenly taste in every bite.
I exercise because I love cheese.
I'm not 100% sure that love exists, but cheese is pretty damn close.
I’ve consumed an excessive amount of cheese, said no one ever.
If I were a mouse, I would surely fall into a mousetrap.
Let’s talk about something exciting like, say, cheese.
Loved by both the simple and the sophisticated.
Master of the ancient art of divination by cheese.
My only wish is to be swallowed by a whirlpool of silky cheese.
Never in my wildest dreams would I want to live in a world without cheese.
Nothing is more capable of melting my stone-cold heart than melted cheese.
Oftentimes, I cook cheese. Sometimes, I even add food to it.
Pampering my taste buds.
Puzzlingly, poets have been rather quiet on the subject of cheese.
Shout out to people who "love cheese" for getting past its taste, smell, and texture and appreciating its personality and sense of humor.
So, uh, do you like cheese?
Stop trying to please everyone; you’re not cheese!
Stopping the world and melting with you.
Taste it to believe it.
The right jump-start to an awesome day.
This is what "incredible" tastes like.
The single most useful ingredient on the planet.
Turophile: a connoisseur or lover of cheese.
Well, if I recall correctly, cheese is one of the world’s most stolen products.
When my body and mind begin to yield to despair and negativity, I make myself the occasional cheese dip.
Whoever came up first with cheese is a freaking genius!
You make my heart melt.
Always great to see cheese on pasta.
Are you ready for spaghetti?
Baked pasta is always a good idea.
Duct tape and pasta are alike. They fix everything!
Dying for a bowl of pasta.
Eat pasta, live longer.
Eating noodles for long life.
Every fiber of my being is made of pasta.
Everything I am, I owe to pasta.
Extra Parmesan cheese, please!
Feed me lasagna, and I’ll never be mean to you.
Happy noodle day!
Humans disappoint, pasta doesn’t.
I live for pasta. It’s my happy place.
I sprinkle pasta on my Parmesan cheese.
Inhaling pasta like I’m a suction machine.
Is there a spaghetti monster or a meatball monster? I’ll take them on!
Italian food is lit!
Just noodling around.
Let’s stick a fork in the bowl of pasta and call it a day!
Live. Laugh. Linguine.
Meatball, meatball, spaghetti underneath.
Meatballs all the way!
Melted cheese and pasta sounds like a plan!
My kink is being tied up with pasta.
My taste buds are tantalized!
No such thing as too many strands.
Not gonna lie, I would sleep in a bed of lasagna.
Of course I can cook! I usually boil water and drop the pasta in it.
On my way to the carb side.
Pasta is my only guilty pleasure.
Perfect for a carb-oholic!
Ravioli, ravioli, gimme the formuoli.
Romantic relationship are cool, but have you heard of mac and cheese?
Routinely slurps noodles.
Swimming in pasta would be such a thrill!
Tell me your favorite pasta and I’ll tell you your persona.
The olive oil is singing with flavor.
The pasta, the sauce, and the holy meatballs.
There’s too much cheese on my pasta? Buzz off!
Watch me slurp this in one go!
When I want the day to be great, I eat pasta.
Would choose pasta over skinny any day.
You will never have abs. Yours truly, pasta.
A taste of Italy.
Al dente is perfection.
Baked pasta, crusty cheese.
Beautifully done.
Belissimo!
B*tch lasagna, b*tch lasagna.
Buon appetito!
Certified pastatarian.
Eat your carbs.
Fresh and tasty.
Fresh pasta, vintage wine.
Garfield approves!
Give me more.
Holy macaroni!
Hot and hearty.
I breathe pasta.
It’s pasta time!
Mamma mia!
My mouth is watering.
Never-ending goodness.
Perfectly cooked spaghetti.
Plating on point.
Practicing self-care.
Seasoned with love.
Stuffed and filled.
The carbonara effect.
There’s nothing better.
This is my superfood.
This pleases me.
Totally sauced!
Will work for spaghetti.
Wrap me in spaghetti!
A pasta dish made with tender love and care is just what I need.
All I care about is pasta and like two people.
As long as there’s pasta, I’m fine.
Bow tie is the snazziest pasta of all!
Do you love pasta? Well, that means you have great taste.
Easy to prepare, delightful to eat—pasta it is!
Feeling saucy right now.
Forks approve!
For long life!
Getting full but I’ll keep pushing.
How could something so simple taste so marvelous?
I’m so done with looking back and thinking “I could have eaten that.”
If the sauce is clinging, then it’s good pasta.
Just roll with it.
More pasta, please!
My compliments to the chef.
No longer feeling as sad as before.
Oftentimes, I enjoy eating pasta too much that I forget to breathe.
Pasta + White Wine = Exquisite!
Patience and love is the secret to getting pasta right.
So where did self-blaming and self-loathing take me? Back to a satisfying bowl of pasta.
Started eating pasta and my problems just went away.
Tastes great and fun to make.
Tested positive for pasta and cheese.
The pasta army is ready to invade.
The sauce is kicking in my mouth.
There’s pasta, so I’m contented.
Want fancy? Get some campanelle.
Watch my mouth turn into a vacuum cleaner.
What a lovely bowl of pasta.
Whatever kind of pasta it is, I never discriminate.
Who wants to challenge me in a spaghetti-eating contest? Bring it on!
With meatballs on top.
Addicted to seafood.
After this, I’m gonna be smelling like a seafood boil.
All-you-can-eat seafood buffets are such a mood.
Baked salmon is life.
Bring me the whole sea!
Celebrating being alive with seafood.
Check out these prawns, mussels, and this whole host of seafood!
Craving for seafood, satisfied!
Diving into a sea of flavors.
Do I like seafood? I love it!
Eat. Fish. Sleep. Repeat.
Eat like a Viking!
Featuring the flavors of the ocean.
Feeling like a boss pirate.
Finest seafood from the ocean.
Found myself a good catch.
Fresh seafood is the best!
Getting a taste of the ocean’s bounty.
Good for the brain and nervous system. Plus, it’s so tasty!
Guess who’s excited to eat all the seafood?
Healthy, nutritious, and pretty.
Here, fishy, fishy, fishy.
I could munch on seafood all day.
I need friends who love seafood boil as much as me.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and eat it.
It’s about time for my regular seafood fix.
Just go with the flow.
Keep calm and eat fish.
Life is full of flavor.
Like a cat peeking at a seafood store.
Look at all those eyeballs staring at me.
My love language is a seafood medley.
Never say no to seafood.
Obviously, seafood is my favorite food!
Passionate about rescuing fish from water and beer from bottles.
Seafood calms my restless soul.
So fresh it’s otherworldly!
Support your local hooker.
Tasting the oceans.
Thank goodness for fishermen.
The ocean flavor and scent is drowning me in pleasure!
What can I eat and not get tired of? Without a doubt, seafood!
When I eat a lot of seafood, I feel healthy and clean.
WTF = Where’s The Fish?
Why seafood gotta be expensive though?
All my problems seem to drift away when I eat seafood.
Consume seafood like a winner and squeeze the lemon on your enemies’ eyes.
Cooking with canned seafood is a shortcut to flavor. There’s no need to be ashamed.
Delicious seafood is best exposed to a glorious flame and then celebrated with delight.
Even Jesus had a story about fish.
Everyone should take their dose of vitamin sea regularly.
Fish, to taste good, must swim in a pot or a pan with water, butter, and wine.
From time to time, treat yourself with some seafood.
Give someone a fish and you’ll feed ‘em for a day. Teach someone how to fish and you’ll feed ‘em for a lifetime.
Keep your family and friends close, and your food closer.
Life will always try to be a beach, so just sit back, relax, and eat more seafood.
Mussels are good source of iodine, iron, protein, omega-3, and selenium.
No need to say you hate seafood. If you’re broke, just say so.
Nothing says love like a lobster dinner.
Omega-3 fatty acids are good. Your heart will thank you for them.
Remember that a good sardine is always better than a not-so-good lobster.
Seafood can’t solve everything but it’s a good start.
Seafood on the grill can be quite intimidating if you don’t know what you’re doing.
Seafood today, seafood tomorrow, seafood every day!
Stress is caused by not eating enough seafood.
The good thing about seafood is that it’s easy to digest.
The secret to long life is out! Seafood is the answer.
There’s always more fish in the ocean.
To save the oceans, we must eat consciously and sustainably.
Warm weather means seafood feasts.
When it comes to seafood, Tsukiji Fish Market is the place to be.
When life gives you lemons, order the lobster tail.
Without seafood, life on land is dry.
Working with fish is kind of my thing, so yeah I love seafood.
You never hear about good seafood places because each one of them is perfect.
You’re a catch. I’m a catch. Together, we make great seafood dinner.
A great way to see-food!
Absolutely clawsome!
Awww shucks! I love oysters!
Becoming a seafood fan is actually quite shrimple.
Can’t believe what I’m sea-ing.
Cast away your troubles.
Certified prawn star!
Crabby days don’t exist when there’s seafood around.
Cray cray for seafood.
Explore the fish-ibilities.
Feeling so-fish-ticated.
Fish be with you.
Good things come to those who bait.
Grill-ty as charged.
Hello, shuckers!
Hmmm…let’s sea.
I’m on a roll.
It’s fry-day!
Keeping it reel.
Let’s shell-ebrate the good times.
Lobster-iffic!
Long time no sea.
Ofishally my fave restaurant.
Oh my cod!
Party like a lobstar!
Prawn to be wild.
Pulled a mussel getting this photo.
Rock and roe!
Seas the day!
Seize every oppor-tuna-ty.
Shell yeah!
Shello there!
Shrimply the best.
Simply fishlicious!
Sorry to be shellfish but I’m not sharing.
This is crabsolutely delicious.
This lobster is my butter half.
Today is a reel-y great day.
With seafood, any fin goes.
You've got to be squidding me.
A donut in both hands is my idea of a well-balanced diet.
Abs sure are great, but have you ever heard of doughnuts?
After working out, I always eat donuts. Just joking! I don’t workout.
All we need is love...and doughnuts!
Always say “yes” to donuts.
But first, doughnuts.
Check out my six-pack...box of donuts.
Did you know? The center of a ring doughnut has zero calories?
Donuts above anything else.
Don’t deny it. I know you want it badly.
Doughnuts don’t judge;they understand.
Exercise is proof that I love my body. And donuts? Oh, I love donuts more than anything else.
Glazed, sprinkled, frosted, filled...every doughnut is special.
Here’s a dozen reasons to be happy!
Humans cannot live on coffee alone. That’s why donuts were invented!
I licked it, so it’s mine.
I love y’all, but I love donuts more.
Is there actually anything that doughnuts can’t do?
It’s donut o’clock!
Jellied for breakfast, frosted for lunch, cream-filled for dinner, and glazed for in-between meals.
Keep calm and eat a doughnut.
Let it rain donuts and wait for the sunshine!
Life is short; eat more doughnuts.
Love your curves and all your edges. All your perfect imperfections.
Misery’s a pain, so grab a donut.
My circle of friends consists of doughnuts.
My soulmate might be a donut.
Never skip doughnut day.
Nothing does a quicker work of my cravings.
Now this is what I call well-rounded meal!
One donut can bring happiness to many people.
Only doughnuts can give me “that” feeling.
Pretty please with glazing and sprinkles on top.
Relationship status: Donuts.
Research suggests that everyone wants a doughnut. Well, except me, I want two.
Rise and shine and shake your legs; it’s donut time!
Saving the day with sprinkles.
Shout out to my doughnut!
Sorry, these donuts are not for sharing.
Stop and smell the donuts.
Sure, beauty has the power to excite most people. But so does a box of doughnuts!
The donut squad is here!
The only running I do is on the way to the doughnut shop.
This is the only ring I want around my finger.
This must be the circle of life.
Whatever sprinkles your doughnuts.
Who cares about calories anyway?
Who in the world normalized sending flowers during hard times?! Donuts are far more practical.
With a doughnut in one’s own hands, anything is possible.
Yes, donut Is my middle name.
You only live once. Devour the dozen!
A sweet treat.
A treat for my senses.
Another one, please.
Cheaper than therapy.
Conveying love through donuts.
Craving for donuts.
Dark roast and donuts.
Delightful treats!
Donut paradise!
Donuts are life!
Donuts, please.
Dunk it better.
Embrace the grease.
Glazed and delicious.
Gobbling up all I can.
Going nuts about doughnuts.
Good donuts, good moments.
I love doughnuts!
I regret nothing.
Just got a dozen.
Life happens, donuts help.
Living life the doughnut way.
Love at first bite.
Love. Life. Donuts.
Making today special.
Mmmmm...doughnuts...
New day. Fresh donuts.
Not your ordinary doughnuts.
Picture-perfect donut.
Satiating with every bite.
Sweet doughnuts just for me.
Road trips and donuts.
Taste the perfection.
Tastes like magic.
Think inside the box.
True delights in a box.
Will run for doughnuts.
Do or donut. There is no try.
Donut forget about me.
Donut give up on your dreams.
Donut judge me. 
Donut kill my vibe.
Donut let anyone tell you you're less than astounding.
Donut panic.
Donut stress. Just do your best.
Donut worry, be happy.
Eat more hole foods!
Everyone’s getting glazy!
Going out in a glaze of glory.
Have a dough-lightful day!
Hole me close to your heart.
Hole-y moley!
I donut know what to do without you.
I love donuts a hole lot!
I only eat hole foods.
I want a hole lifetime of sweet pleasure.
I’m do-nuts about you!
Leave me alone, I donut care.
Oh, donut even.
Oh, hole-y night.
Please, donut disturb me.
So a-dough-rable!
Sweet and hole-some
The hard work was all for do-naught.
We weir-doughs gotta stick together.
You donut want to miss this!
You mean dough much to me.
You drive me glazy.
A pack I will always come back to.
All the donut lovers come in large numbers.
Can’t get anything better than this fresh dozen.
Desperate to have abs, but I also want a dozen doughnuts.
Donut addict.
Every time I choke on some veggie, I always think: “I bet a doughnut wouldn’t do this to me.”
Feed me donuts and I’m yours.
Fresh doughnuts are nigh impossible to resist.
Glazed donuts are the best!
Happiness is eating two doughnuts simultaneously.
Hooray for jelly donuts!
I love you to the doughnuts and back.
I observe donuts with delicious fervor.
I will never stay anywhere where I can’t freely eat doughnuts.
I’m getting real sick of donuts having calories.
I’m just a simple human, sitting in front of veggies, asking them to be a doughnuts instead.
I’ve got ninety nine donuts because I already ate one.
Just like a glazed doughnut, I’m simple but with a coat of elegance.
Let change begin with a single donut.
Lick the frosting off a doughnut and it magically transforms into a healthy bagel.
Like a ring donut, I sometimes feel empty inside.
Living a life that is made of frosting, sprinkles, and filling.
Look at those vibrant sprinkles.
Making life a little bit sweeter.
Meetings? I only attend them for the doughnuts.
Nothing can beat a good donut.
Nothing comes between me and my doughnut.
Once upon a time, I ate a donut without sprinkles. Cripes, diets are really hard!
Sprinkles are just glitter for doughnuts.
Straight out of the oven.
That moment when you open a box of donuts and you forget all of your problems.
The big difference between want and need is that I like I want abs, but I need doughnuts.
The only ring I’ll ever need.
The world is already full of bagels. Be a donut instead.
These are the doughnuts that’s got everybody hooked.
We go together like coffee and donuts.
What I really need is an extended nap, a cup of coffee, and a box of doughnuts.
What’s the difference between donuts and your opinion? Well, I asked for donuts.
Who needs a workout buddy when you can have a doughnut buddy?
You’re cute and all, but I’m not sharing my donut.
You’re the sprinkles to my doughnut.
A calorific affair that is worth to be cherished.
All you need is love and milkshakes.
Bendy straw and cold shakes are what summers are all about.
Blended with tender love and care.
Chilling with the cold shakes.
Coolest drink ever!
Do what a self-respecting person with a blender would do.
Don’t lie to yourself! You know you want the whipped cream on top.
Enjoying this lovely blend.
Everyone likes sweet and thick drinks.
First, the taste. Then, the pleasure.
French fries, cheeseburgers, and milkshakes!
Fresh from a nervous cow.
Frozen love melting in my mouth.
Give a cow a pogo stick and you get a milkshake!
Happiness is shaking milk together.
I’m worth my weight in milkshake.
In this era of headshakes and handshakes, I prefer milkshakes.
Is it just me or is it really cold in here?
Joy in every sip.
Just had a milkshake; problems solved!
Let’s shake things up a little.
Life is sweeter with milkshakes.
Living for the sweet things.
Milkshake runs through my veins.
Milky is the way to go!
My brain says diet, but my tummy says milkshake.
Nothing like an oh-so-smooth milkshake!
Save water, drink a milkshake.
Sippin’ all day long.
So many options, so many flavors!
Sweet like milk in my veins.
There was an earthquake, and there was a cow, so…
This is most definitely what dreams are made of.
Today’s good mood is sponsored by milkshakes.
When life gives you fruits, milk, and ice, make milkshakes.
Who says milkshakes can’t be healthy?
You make my heart melt.
You, me, and the best milkshakes in the world!
A taste worth remembering.
Beat the heat.
Blended, not stirred.
Brain freeze!
Calorie overload!
Cherish the taste.
Chill out!
Cold, delicious, nostalgic.
Cool and delicious.
Don’t mind if I do.
Drink happy thoughts.
Drinkable ice cream.
Every sip matters.
Fancy way of drinking milk.
Frozen delight.
Got milkshake?
Got my heart smiling.
Heart-freezing delight!
I like my milk shook.
Ice, ice, baby.
It’s milkshake time!
Let’s go moo!
Love in liquid form.
Milkshake madness!
Mix it up!
More ice, please.
My best drink.
My mood maker.
Perfect summer treat!
Product of cow twerking.
Say moo!
Season of shakes.
Shake freak.
Sun, fun, and milkshakes.
Super thick and super creamy!
Unicorn vomit.
Up in the clouds.
What’s shaking?
Where dem boys at?
Winter in a cup?
With cream on top!
All I want is someone cute to drink milkshakes with.
All signs suggest a brain freeze in my near future.
An icy concoction full of sweetness and love.
Blending is the only cardio I’m willing to do.
Calm down, it’s just milk on flavor steroids.
Damn right, it’s better than yours.
Do you want some? Then shake that booty!
Don’t cry me a river. Cry me a river of milkshake.
Drinking like pro, enjoying like a child.
Every time someone tells me to have a good day, I drink a milkshake.
Everyone’s getting addicted to alcohol, cigarettes, drugs, alcohol; and here I am getting addicted to milkshakes.
Fall in love with the cloud-like drinks.
Filling my belly with everything cold.
Hell yeah, let’s bring in all the dairy gangs!
Here’s to a life full of adventures, kisses, and milkshakes.
Honestly, I’d swim in a pool filled with milkshake.
I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off.
Just leave the blending to the professionals.
Keep calm and drink on.
Living in a world of milkshakes and first kisses.
Looks like something a unicorn would throw up.
Milkshakes make me feel things that are outright out-of-this world and delightful.
Never too cold for an icy drink.
One for me, one for you.
Probably the best thing to ever happen to milk.
So many colors, flavors, and ingredients. Oh, the unlimited choices!
Sweet dreams are made of this.
The greatest thing about hot days is in my hand.
The only reason to buy a blender.
To my future partner, know that I don't share my milkshake.
What makes a happy summer? Milkshakes!
Where have you been all of my life?
Who’s in the mood for thick milkshakes?
Yup, it makes me smile.
You shake me up, in a milky good way.
A cupcake will never ask you dumb questions. It comforts and understands.
A delight to all my five senses.
A little treat that is fun and exciting to eat.
All we need is love, and lots of lovely cupcakes.
Biting my way to a happy life.
Blessed are those who bring me cupcakes.
Count the happy moments, not the calories.
Cup full of cake and heart.
Cupcakes are the new cakes!
Did you even eat a cupcake if there are no crumbs all over your clothes?
Every failure is but an excuse to eat another cupcake.
Feed me cupcakes and tell me how adorable I am.
For all things frosty and sweet.
Giving me cupcakes means giving me the will to live on.
Have you had a cupcake today?
I've never met a cupcake I didn't want to get acquainted with.
If we are what we eat then I’d most definitely want to be a cupcake instead of an eggplant.
It’s the little things that really matter.
Just taking a photo makes my mouth water.
Live, love, and eat cupcakes.
Living in a world coated with sugar and icing.
My brain bellowed crunches, but my heart whispered cupcakes.
My sweet tooth is tingling.
Never have I ever drowned my sorrows, but I do always suffocate them with cupcakes.
Nobody needs to get hurt; just hand me the cupcakes!
Not everyone will appreciate you. You’re not a cupcake!
O.C.D. = Obsessive Cupcake Disorder
Size does matter, except if it’s a cupcake.
Sprinkles make me smile.
The best things in life are sweet.
There’s a monster inside me screaming to get out. I shut it up with cupcakes.
To tell you the truth, happiness is but one cupcake away.
When things go bad, just cupcake it out!
Will exercise for cupcakes.
You can always salvage the day with sprinkles and icing.
A delectable treat!
A mouthful of heaven.
Bakers gonna bake.
Be my cupcake.
Classic, clean, sweet, and sophisticated.
Conveniently sized treats.
Cupcake power!
Cute, fun, and sweet.
Exercise and eat a cupcake.
Every nibble is a winner.
Fluffy and cake-y.
Frosted happiness.
Fun-sized delights.
Handcrafted with care.
Go on, take a bite.
Icing all over my face.
Luscious creations.
Made with love.
Mini cakes on the run.
Miniature creations.
Mouthful of happiness and joy.
Obsessed with sugar.
OMG, frosting!
Paradise in a cup.
Perfect nibbles of decadence.
Simply delicious.
Stop hating and start baking.
Sugar, spice, and everything nice.
Sweet, sweet toppings…
Sweetness overload!
Tastefully sweet, playfully unique.
To die for.
Too pretty to eat.
Treat yourself!
A few calories every now and then never hurt.
A little cupcake goes a long way.
Believe hard enough and even a muffin can become a cupcake.
Cup of cake, cup of goodness.
Cupcakes make me feel less murder-y.
Don’t steal my cupcake! Violators will be covered in sprinkles.
Eat a cupcake, then eat another.
For every hiccup or trouble, there’s a cupcake for that!
Here are my new sweet creations; they’re called “shut the fucupcakes!”
How do I balance my diet? With a cupcake in both hands!
I came. I saw. I cupcaked.
I’m aware that cupcakes won’t solve any of my problems, but they do make me feel better.
It’s about time I eat a cupcake.
It’s impossible to eat just one.
Keep calm and eat a cupcake!
Leaving no trace of frosting or crumb behind!
Let them eat cupcakes.
Life is better with sprinkles on top.
Little cakes with a phenomenal taste.
Making the world a better place, one cupcake at a time.
My smiles are always accompanied by frosting.
My tastebuds deserve this treat.
Nothing feels better than being lean and skinny. Well, except cupcakes.
Once upon a time, I ate a cupcake, and I loved it! The end.
Please don’t hate on my cupcake.
Relax, shut up, and eat a cupcake.
Spreading happiness everywhere is what a cupcake’s job is.
Sprinkle joy and it will eventually find its way back to you.
Sugar and dough for a happy life.
That perfect point where cupcake meets frosting.
The only things sweeter than me are cupcakes.
We go together like cupcakes and frosting.
When in doubt, bake. Or at least eat something that was baked.
Why cupcakes? Because holding a full-sized cake near your face in public isn’t socially acceptable.
You know it’s true love when you’re willing to share your cupcake.
Always remember that if you’re no good, then you can still be used as a bad example.
Actually, the entire universe does revolve around me!
Being hated and ignored makes my life a whole lot easier to manage.
Cancel my subscription! Your issues are not worth my time and effort.
Check back in about five years. By then, maybe I’ve started to care.
Curing the world one sarcastic comment at a time.
Deep inside, I know that my my heart is golden. But this mouth of mine? That’s another story.
Do you know what I like about humans? Their dogs.
Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re not in shape. By the end of the day, “round” is still a shape.
Don’t take my insults seriously. I’m just being sarcastic.
Excuse me, I know this is hell, but may I ask which floor?
Even the devil stops working just to admire my work.
Ever wondered why I don’t have a welcome mat at my door? It’s because I’m not a liar.
Every so often, I meet people and feel bad for their pets.
Find your calm before I totally lose mine.
For some reason, you look really when my eyes are closed.
Forgive and forget? I’m neither God nor an amnesiac.
Hush, nobody cares!
I really want to be a nice person, but this mouth of mine never cooperates.
If I light you a candle and offer you flowers, will you go away?
If there’s trouble wherever you go, then guess what?
In many instances, I wish I have enough middle fingers to go around with.
Indeed, sarcasm falls out of my mouth just as stupid falls from other people.
Just because my intelligence is beyond your understanding doesn’t mean I’m sarcastic.
Let’s keep the bullsh*t to a minimum today, okay?
My circle of connections is really small! One time, I almost cut myself off of it.
My favorite kind of people are those who reply to my sarcasm with their sarcasm.
Not a bad person. But dangerously atrocious, nonetheless.
Not sarcastic. Just brutally honest.
Oh, look what I found! It’s your nose all up in my goddamn business again!
Patience, dear. I’m already f*cking things up as fast as I can.
People talk behind my back, and I’m just here like: “Wow, I’ve got a fan club!”
People think I’m funny, but I’m really not. I’m actually pretty mean, but they always think I’m joking.
Perhaps, I’m not made of sugar and spice, but of sarcasm and brazenness.
Stopped fighting my inner demons long ago. We’re on the same side now.
Tell me how I have upset you. For future reference, mostly.
The devil doesn’t need to lead me into temptation because I already know the way.
The reason why I take hot showers is so that I can get used to the feeling of burning in hell.
The smarter you are, the nicer I am.
Unfortunately, I don’t take orders. I hardly even take suggestions.
What? I don’t speak idiot!
When I asked God for divine punishment, I met you the next day.
Why am I always late? Because good things always take time.
Why attend someone’s funeral if they aren’t going to attend yours?
Who says I’m crazy? The voices keep reassuring me that I’m perfectly sane.
Will I be awarded bonus points if I act like I’m actually concerned?
You don’t fancy me? Well, it does take good judgment and a classy pair of discerning eyes to do so.
A psychologist can’t fix stupidity. Apparently, it’s not a disorder that is recognized.
Always remember that you’re unique. Same as everyone else.
Avoid arguing with fools. At a distance, spectators can’t tell which one is which.
Be very careful of humans. Friends and enemies can easily change sides at the drop of a hat.
Being misunderstood all the time doesn’t automatically make you an artist.
Being proficient in sarcasm means you can insult idiots without them ever realizing it.
Common sense is like deodorant. The people who need it most never use it.
Despite sarcasm being one of the most basic form of audacity, it remains to be the funniest.
Don’t worry too much about what other people think. They don’t really do it that often.
Early to bed and early to rise just means you weren’t invited to the party.
Everyone brings joy in a room. Some, by entering. And some, by leaving.
Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
Facing a problem is a whole lot harder when the problem is your face.
Good judgment comes from experience. And experience? Well, that comes from poor judgment.
Grammar is simply the difference between knowing your sh*t and knowing you’re sh*t.
Have no fear of perfection. You’ll never reach it anyway.
Hideousness can be fixed. Idiocy, on the other hand, is forever.
If stupidity was a profession, then we’d have a world full of billionaires.
If you still haven’t encountered the devil, then there’s a big chance you’ll both meet at the end of the road. In hell, that is.
In the absence of protons, neutrons, electrons, and morons, the universe wouldn’t exist.
It’s all thanks to sarcasm that we can smack people right in the face with words.
Learning sarcasm is like learning a secret language. You can use it to throw up mean words without ever getting in trouble.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
Many rich people are really just janitors and custodians of their own possessions.
No, you’re not ugly. Your face is probably just out of fashion.
Not expecting anything means you’ll never be disappointed in your life.
Occasionally, there comes people who really need a high five. On the head. With a baseball bat.
People say sarcasm is the barest form of wittiness. And that comes from the people who barely understands it.
Physical attractiveness is only skin deep. But ugliness? That goes right to the bone!
Quite a number of people are human versions of the migraine. It’s best to steer clear of them at all costs!
Silence is golden. But duct tape? Now that’s silver.
Some people are like treasure chests. You just can’t help wanting to bury them in dirt.
Some people really do want you alive, especially those who you took out loans from.
Stalking is such a strong word. Let’s call it social research.
Support bacteria! They’re the only culture some people have.
Tact is for humans who aren’t clever enough to wield the power of sarcasm.
Take a selfie. Fake a life.
There’s a fine like between being tanned, and looking like you rolled in barbecue sauce.
Time flies by when you’re insulting people.
Try not to take yourself too seriously. No one else does.
Use sarcasm as often as needed. It not only kindles joy, it also releases frustration in a comical way.
Violence is definitely not the solution. It’s just part of the equation.
We were all built with a defense mechanism against stupidity. It’s called sarcasm.
When life slams a door in your face, just open it again. Doors work like that.
Without sarcasm, bickering with idiots just ain’t gonna be as much fun.
A long time ago, there was me living a happy and peaceful life. And then sh*t happened!
And here we go f*cking again! I mean good day to all of you.
Apparently, rock bottom has a basement.
Beating up people is illegal, so yeah, let’s just use sarcasm.
Better grab my dumbrella. It’s raining stupid outside today.
Clapping not because I liked it, but because it’s finally over.
Closed minds should come with closed mouths, right?
Every person on Earth has the right to be stupid, but some are really abusing the privilege.
Everything I love either costs too much, is prohibited, or doesn’t message back.
Fortunately, mirrors can’t talk. You should be thankful that they can’t laugh either.
Go to hell? But it’s too early for me to go home.
Here you go! It’s a bowl of sarcasm.
Here, hold my dignity. I’ve got some sketchy things to do.
I’m not late. I’m just early for tomorrow.
If I haven’t pissed you off yet, just wait for your turn patiently. I will get to you shortly.
Just as stupidity is infinite, sarcasm also is.
Just burned a lot of calories trying to avoid someone. What a great workout!
Laughter can cure the world, so go out there and show your face for everyone to see!
Let’s share. You take the grenade, I take the pin.
Life is a soup and I’m a frigging fork!
Life is really good. You should get one.
Lord, give the strength to tolerate stupid people today.
Losing ten pounds is a piece of cake! Only fifteen pounds to go!
Money talks, and mine keeps bidding me farewell.
My parents raised no fool! They raised a psychotic, cold-hearted, sexy beast, yeah, but definitely not a fool.
Of course I speak gibberish! How else would you be able to understand me?
Once I finish tinkering this device that lets you smack people in the face over the internet, I’ll be filthy rich!
Only you can provide what I desperately want—your absence.
People should appreciate the gargantuan effort I put in to not becoming a homicidal maniac.
Revenge doesn’t suit my style. I prefer accidents.
Sarcasm is my mother tongue.
Slapping idiots would be animal abuse, so I try to restrain myself.
Sometimes, I question my sanity. Occasionally, it replies.
Somewhere in the world, my soulmate is pushing a push door. I just know it!
Sorry if I pissed you off. Rest assured that it will happen again.
Talking to myself. Because who else will?
The garbage collector is coming tomorrow. Ready yourself.
They give me questions I don’t know, so I give them answers they don’t know.
This is my cup of care. Oh, would you look at that! It’s empty!
Too sober for all the sh*t that’s happening today.
Who says I’m supposed to be same person I was seven minutes ago?
Would you look at that! My imaginary friend has arrived to the conclusion that you have serious mental problems.
Yawning is a sign that I’m interested. So go on, keep talking.
You call this fat? I call it a 1-pack!
Zombies love devouring brains. Don’t worry, you’re safe.
Agreeing with an idiot means we’d both be wrong.
Always an awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced that it makes you look stupid.
Am I a hot mess? Nope, I’m a spicy disaster!
Be my guest and leave.
Becoming religious means I can now pray for my enemies to burn in eternal hellfire.
Calm? Me? But I’ve murdered you inside my mind a hundred times already!
Come closer and look at my face. Does it look like I care?
Did it really hurt when I called you stupid? Again, I’m really sorry. I thought you knew all along.
Disagree with me all you want. Being right doesn’t mean everything.
Do you find me saucy and offensive? Then I suggest you quit finding me.
Does running out of f*cks count as cardio?
Even when you’re not here, I feel just as miserable. It’s like you’re here.
Everyone sounds better when their mouths are shut tight.
Everyone would be in good shape if they ran as much as their mouth.
Feed your own ego. I’m busy!
Flattered that you’re jealous of me.
Go ahead, underestimate me. I’m sure it’ll be fun.
I find it funny, but I’ve forgotten how to laugh. Damn!
I would certainly be a morning person if I woke up in the morning.
If karma doesn’t hit you like a truck, I’ll be willing to hit you like an airplane.
If your phone doesn’t ring, that’s probably me.
Just because I look indifferent doesn’t mean I don’t understand.
Keep rolling your eyes. Perhaps you’ll find a brain back there.
Last time I checked, I didn’t care about anything. And nope, I still don’t care.
My alone time is for your own safety.
My loyalty can never be bought. It can be rented though. Just name the price!
My sarcastic retorts are free of charge! Come get your now!
Notify me when I’m starting to look like I care. I really don’t want to give off the wrong impression.
Oh, no one told you? Perhaps, it’s none of your damn business!
One thing I know is sarcasm is painful euphemism.
Patience is a virtue. Not my virtue though.
People will ask stupid questions no matter what. I guess it’s my legal obligation to offer them sarcastic remarks.
Perhaps, I’m wrong? But, I doubt it.
Pretending to like people is taking a toll on my energy reserves.
Ready in five minutes? Me? I doubt it.
Remember when I asked for your sentiments? Me neither.
Shut your trap when you’re speaking to me.
Think I’m mean, audacious, and sarcastic? Well, watch me pretend to care!
Unless you’re an internet search engine, it’d be wise to stop acting like you know everything.
What a beautiful day to just leave me the f*ck alone.
What doesn’t kill you, disappoints me profoundly!
Why do people say I act like I don’t care? I’m not acting!
Woah, I almost gave a f*ck! Scared the sh*t out of me!
You find the words that come out of mouth offensive? Ha! Imagine all the stuff that I’m still holding back.
You don’t like me? Oh sh*t, no way! I’m gonna die! I can’t live like this! Just kidding.
A little bit silly, and a whole lot of sushi.
A plate of happiness is here!
An experience I will cherish forever.
Behold the power of fish and rice!
Best Couple: Sushi and Wasabi!
Brimming with the energy of the sea.
Bring it on, wasabi!
Check out the rice-to-filling ratio. That's love right there!
Comes in small portions that are both delicious and exquisitely formed.
Definitely would eat an entire platter without any regrets until my stomach starts making me regret it.
Every day is sushi day!
Extremely allergic to sushi! Every time I eat more than a hundred, I throw up.
Feast your eyes upon these gems from the sea!
Feel the rush of ocean umami!
Give it to me raw and wiggling!
How about we talk business over sushi?
I don't think I've seen anything more regal in my entire life.
I’ve always known that sushi was all I needed.
If you ate sushi, but you didn’t post it online, then did you even actually eat it?
It’s always sushi o'clock!
Just the right amount of rice.
Keep calm and eat sushi.
Let me have a lot more. It’s just never enough.
Let’s go sailing on a sushi boat.
Literally a flavor explosion in the mouth!
Live life in bright colors.
My tastebuds demand sushi!
Natural taste is the best taste.
Paradise in each grain of rice.
Rolls, balls, slices, wraps, and lots of condiments and garnishes!
Sushi is Japanese for yummy.
Seafood with all the colors of the rainbow.
Soy sauce makes sushi even better.
Splurging never tasted this good!
Sushi and wasabi are perfect together. But this combo becomes even better with nori.
The Japanese high life expectancy tells us to eat more sushi.
There’s no “we” in sushi, just an “i”.
This ain’t just food; this is a work of art!
Try some, you will never regret it.
Vinegared rice and fish in a paste.
What grander way to have a fun and luxuriant time than with sushi?
Why does sushi have to be so pricey though?
Wishing for fish in every dish.
You just can’t have too much sushi.
You’re the salmon to my sticky rice.
An umami-rich chef d'oeuvre.
Art in every bite.
Bring out the chopsticks!
Bursting with sea flavor.
Catch of the day.
Celebrating the ocean’s bounty.
Deliciousness served fresh.
Delight in a mouth-sized bite.
Eat differently.
Fast, fresh, and convenient.
Fatty tuna in my tummy.
Fresh, bright, and colorful.
From sea to sushi.
Gems from the sea.
Holy mackerel!
I like it raw.
Jamming with salmon.
Life happens, sushi helps.
Line-caught, hand-rolled.
Looks so beautiful!
Lusting for sushi.
More sushi, please.
Nothing like fresh seafood.
Obsessed with sushi.
Ocean’s finest on a plate.
Pass the chopsticks!
Sharp knife, happy life.
Tender, fatty, and melty.
Under the sea.
Wake up, little sushi.
You had me at sushi.
A fish died to become this beautiful work of art.
A little comfort food goes a really long way.
A parade of flawless sushi deliciousness!
Bright food colors brighten my day.
Calling it fancy is an understatement.
Can’t use chopsticks? Use your hands instead. You can eat a lot more too!
Chopsticks slow me down; let me just use my hands!
Come on in, the sushi is fine.
Eating what I love.
Everything’s dark before the prawn.
Feast your eye on these, for they will be devoured in the next few moments.
Feed me sushi and shower me with compliments.
Filling my tummy and my mind with sushi.
Fish and rice turned into a masterpiece!
Fish? Yeah! Nori? Wow! Sushi? Fantastic!
From sea to plate.
I can speak fluent Japanese: “Sushi, nigiri, maki!”
If this sushi were any fresher, it would be swimming.
It’s that time again when I get to eat seafood smothered by rice and wrapped in nori.
Knowing that it’s sushi and not kimbap is a sign of sophistication.
Let the sushi tickle you from the inside.
Life without you is like sushi without vinegared rice.
My wish for fish has finally come true!
Never falls short of my expectations.
Never skimp on the shrimp!
Nori alone makes those rolls so beautiful.
One serving of this per week keeps the brain strong.
Simply good any time of the day.
Surround yourself not with negativity, but with sushi.
Sushi is such an art, I swear!
Sushi: it’s way cheaper than therapy!
To long life!
Trimmed fish to make those picture-perfect rolls.
Unless you try it, you’ll never know how heavenly it tastes like.
Watch out for the wasabi!
What rich, powerful umami!
Will commit sins for sushi.
You just can’t say “no” after trying it once.
You, me, and sushi.
Act without expectation.
Are you ready?
Awake. Alive. Blessed.
Ask why not.
Back to basics.
Be awesome today.
Be right back.
Be the light.
Best day ever!
Blue skies ahead.
Captions are overrated.
Chasing my dreams.
Create positive rituals.
Dare to fail.
Defying the odds.
Done is beautiful.
Dream and do.
Eat. Pray. Love.
Enjoy every moment.
Enjoy the silence.
Everything is learnable.
Expect great things.
Faith. Hope. Love.
Family over everything.
Feed your soul.
Find your fire.
For like ever.
Forever and always.
Free your mind.
Friends take time.
Fuel your passion.
Go for it.
Good things await.
Good vibes only.
Grace upon grace.
Gravitate towards happiness.
Happiness is everywhere.
Heart and soul.
I am enough.
I am thankful.
I am worthy.
I love exercise.
I love you.
I’ll show you.
I’m a mess!
Hello, it’s me.
Just be there.
Just do it.
Keep looking up.
Kindness is magic.
Legends never die.
Let yourself rest.
Life is peachy.
Life goes on.
Listen. Grow. Learn.
Live and learn.
Love without limits.
Love yourself more.
Make a move.
Miles of smiles.
More than words.
Never grow old.
Never lose hope.
Never stop loving.
No more excuses.
Now. Here. This.
Oh, happy day.
On the grind.
Overplanning kills magic.
Pain changes people.
Passionately protest mediocrity.
Peace on Earth.
Perspective is everything.
Positivity is key.
Prove you exist.
Raise the roof.
Ready, set, go!
Rise and grind.
Rock and roll!
Sing and dance.
Smile. Love. Dream.
Stop and listen.
Straight into success.
Style is eternal.
Think happy thoughts.
Think, then talk.
Time changes everyone.
Time to relax.
Turn the page.
Universe is mine.
Use your imagination.
Vision is everything.
What’s stopping you?
Why not now?
Woke up happy.
Work in progress.
You are amazing.
You complete me.
You’re worth it.
Achieve the impossible.
Actions get results.
Actually, I can.
Aspire to inspire.
Be greater today.
Be the exception.
Because you can.
Believe you can.
Bring it on!
Cheer for others.
Cherish every moment.
Consistency is key.
Constantly challenge yourself.
Conquer from within.
Decide. Commit. Succeed.
Do good work.
Do your best.
Don’t limit yourself.
Dream big dreams.
Dream. Plan. Do.
Dreams demand hustle.
Egos kill everything.
Eventually, everything connects.
Everybody needs inspiration.
Everything is okay.
Fear mires growth.
Find your fire.
First impressions last.
Hey, it’s okay.
Hope trumps all.
Impossible is nothing.
Inspire someone today.
Invest in yourself.
It’ll be okay.
Just keep going.
Keep holding on.
Know your worth.
Lead by example.
Let yourself rest.
Let’s move mountains.
Live with intention.
Live. Work. Create.
Love yourself first.
Make it happen.
Make today count.
Make yourself proud.
Master your craft.
Mindset is everything.
Never too late.
Nourish your soul.
Onward and upward.
Pay it forward.
Procrastination steals time.
Prove them wrong.
Quality over quantity.
Read more books.
Remember to live.
See the good.
Seize the day!
Shatter the norm.
Stop and think.
Stop underestimating yourself.
Stronger than yesterday.
Sun. Sand. Surf.
Take another step.
Take the risk.
Think good thoughts.
Thoughts become things.
Time discovers truth.
To begin, begin.
Try new things.
Whatever it takes.
Wild at heart.
Wish. Work. Win.
Yes, I can.
You are free.
You are golden.
You are loved.
You got this!
Your story matters.
A human being.
Adventurous. Brave. Creative.
Ah, what fun!
Apocalypse is nigh!
As you wish.
Away from keyboard.
Be the boss.
Bite the dust!
Buckle up, buttercup.
But first, coffee.
Call for help.
Clap your hands.
Crazy stupid love!
Cue the confetti.
Cut it out!
Do or die.
Don’t die wondering.
Don’t panic, organize!
Don’t walk, dance.
Dream on dreamer.
Eat. Read. Sleep.
Embrace messy hair.
Escape the ordinary.
Everything is figureoutable.
Falling in love.
Flex that smile.
Follow your bliss.
Give me five!
Happiness is free.
Happiness is homemade.
Haters gonna hate.
Hello, sweet heart.
Hey there, stalker.
Hold your horses.
Hugs, not ughs.
Hustle hard, everyone.
I am fabulous.
I know right?!
I’m bloody brilliant!
Idk, Idc, Idgaf!
Inhale. Exhale. Smile.
Intelligence is sexy.
It doesn’t matter.
Joy is contagious.
Just be cool.
Just playing around.
Kiss me now.
Laugh every day.
Let sparks fly.
Let’s be honest.
Let’s get lost.
Like a boss.
Like a champ.
Likers gonna like.
Live for adventure.
Look alive, sunshine.
Loud and proud.
Love. Laugh. Live.
Loyalty is royalty.
Magic in progress.
Maintain the mystery.
Makers gonna make.
Mentally somewhere else.
Merry and bright.
Misery loves company.
More coffee, please.
More sunsets, please.
Namast’ay in bed.
Namaste all day.
Naughty or nice?
Never say die.
New life loading…
No more drama.
No strings attached.
Nuts about you.
Oh, my stars!
Own your magic.
Pajamas all day.
Prone to wander.
Pssst! You there.
Queens inspire kings.
Ready, aim, fire!
Resting coffee face.
Rise and shine.
Run for it!
Sip, sip, hooray.
Shake your butt.
Smart over swag.
Smile. Sparkle. Shine.
Smile, there’s wine.
So in love.
Straight outta shape.
Taste the rainbow.
Think, think, think!
Try, try, try.
To the moon.
Too much noise.
Toodles to you.
Uno, dos, tres!
Use your wings.
Vacation mode on.
Walking on sunshine.
Wanted and wild.
Weird is rad.
Wet and wild.
Wiggle that tailbone.
What’s your bliss?
What’s your why?
Yes is more.
Yes, yes, y’all!
You can try.
You! Yes, you!
Zombies don’t die.
All is well.
Adventure is worthwhile.
Ambition is beautiful.
Anything could happen.
Appreciate the moment.
Art every day.         
Art is work.
Be a traveler.
Be constantly curious.
Be here now.
Be nice first.
Bless your heart.
Books and coffee.
Catch a glimpse.
Chase the sun.
Collect beautiful moments.
Count your blessings.
Courage, dear heart.
Crisp and fresh.
Damn, your eyes.
Day by day.
Decisions determine destiny.
Don’t fade away.
Dwell in hope.
Effort is attractive.
Elegance is beauty.
Embrace the journey.
Enjoy the ride.
Enjoy the view.
Every moment matters.
Expect great things.
Explore your heart.
Follow your heart.
Get out there.
Give me sunshine.
Good day, sunshine.
Grace under pressure.
Grow with love.
Here and now.
Hold my hand.
Home sweet home.
Hot chocolate weather.
Hugs help heal.
Imperfection is beauty.
Into the wild.
It’s all good.
It’s my life.
Just think quietly.
Justice and truth.
Kindness is free.
Let love grow.
Let’s fly away.
Let’s go anywhere.
Let’s sail away.
Life is beautiful.
Life is poetry.
Live in color.
Love and adventure.
Love is free.
Love never fails.
Lovers gonna love.
Make a wish.
Make it count.
Nature is calling.
On the road.
Open your eyes.
Peace and love.
Popcorn and movies.
Real, not perfect.
Record your memories.
Remember to explore.
Salty but sweet.
See the world.
Seek out adventure.
Short and sweet.
Simple is beautiful.
Sleep to dream.
Smile, it’s free.
Speak good things.
Take a breath.
The adventure begins!
Time does fly.
Time heals everything.
To the sea.
Travel. Explore. Live.
True love waits.
Truth always wins.
Uncertainty breeds despair.
Warm and comfy.
We’re all equal.
Wild and free.
You complete you.
Adjust your altitude.
Against all odds.
Authenticity is magnetic.
Awakening my soul.
Bad and classy.
Be fearlessly authentic.
Be the change.
Best. Selfie. Ever.          
Block out haters.
Break the routine.
Change ain’t easy.
Come on over!
Confidence without ego.
Constantly challenge yourself.
Crash into me.
Creativity takes courage.
Cut the bullshit.
Dance it out.
Different is good.
Do epic shit!
Do not conform.
Don’t back down.
Don’t judge me.
Don’t overthink it.
Enjoying my now.
Follow no instructions.
Forget your past.
Fuck this shit!
Get shit done.
Give ‘em hell!
Got your back.
I feel great.
I’m so done.
It’s sexy time.
Just be happy.
Keep it real.
Keeping it simple.
Less is more.
Let’s get high.
Life is now.
Like attracts like.
Love the hustle.
Make a statement.
Make it yours.
Make more mistakes.
Make some noise.
Make today great.
Make yourself heard.
Making things happen.
Never look back.
Never stop dreaming.
Never regret something.
No hard feelings.
No means no.
Normal is boring.
Nothing to lose.
Now or never.
Passion never fails.
Past is past.
Pick your battles.
Pity the fools.
Practice makes awesome.
Progress, not perfection.
Push your boundaries.
Radiate from within.
Real is rare.
Realer than real.
Refuse to sink.
Roll with it.
Rule your life.
Sassy since birth.
Say nothing often.
Second to none.
Silent but deadly.
Slaying the day.
Smart. Sexy. Strong.
So I did.
Stay on point.
Suck it up!
Take a hike.
Talk is cheap.
The wild life.
Think for yourself.
Train your soul.
Trust your gut.
Trust your instincts.
Try hard today.
World is mine.
You and me.
Your loss, babe.
A big sigh.
A fresh start.
Accept the mystery.
All lives matter.
And I waited.
Appreciate good people.
Ask. Believe. Receive.
Be a giver.          
Be always blooming.
Be kind today.
Believe in yourself.
Best news ever.
Choose to shine.
Clear your mind.
Comparison destroys personality.
Create a system.
Dare to begin.
Discipline the heart.
Don’t create limitations.
Don’t give up.
Don’t hold back.
Dream. Work. Succeed.
Eliminate the unnecessary.
Embrace the process.
End of story.
Enjoy your life.
Figure it out.
Forgive them anyway.
Forgive to forget.
Health is wealth.           
Heartbreak changes people.
Honey, come home.
I am loved.
I overthink things.
I’ll never forget.
I’m over it.
I’m still waiting.
It takes time.
Just for you.
Just let go.
Keep choosing joy.
Keep moving forward.
Keeping it together.
Learn from yesterday.
Let it be.
Let it go.
Let love in.
Let’s stay home.
Life is short.
Life isn’t perfect.
Listen with love.
Live with less.
Love a lot.
Love you more.
Love is blind.
Made with love.
Maintain your integrity.
Make something today.
Make the time.
Make today amazing.
Maybe you’re right.
Mind over matter.
Never stop dreaming.
Never stop learning.               
Nothing is forever.
Over and out.
Pain is fuel.
Protect your health.
See you again.
Silence is luxurious.
Slow it down.
Slow your mind.
So it goes.
So very thankful.
Take me away.
Taking my time.
Thankful and blessed.
Things can change.
Thinking about thinking.
Thoughts are free.
Told you so.
Trust the process.
Trust your soul.
Try something new.
We are young.
We could happen.
We’re better together.
Wild at heart.
Worrying solves nothing.
You are spectacular.
You do you.
You’re a gem.
Young and brave.
A cow, a pig, and a chicken walks into a grill. End of story.
Add the heat to the meat!
Am I ready for a fiery and smoky meal? Yes!
Acquire some meat, start a fire, and the magic begins.
Barbecue is happiness.
Barbeque like you’ve never barbeque’d before!
Big racks, butt rubbed, and pork pulled—ah, this is the life!
Burn, baby, burn!
Charred to perfection.
Cooked as good as it looks.
Don’t be afraid, for it’s okay to be messy while eating BBQ.
Eating barbecue’d food is a sure way to boost the mood.
Everyone should have barbeque every once in a while.
Everything tastes better grilled.
Good times and grill marks.
Grab life by the BBQ tongs.
Grill marks make me smile.
Grilling is love made visible.
Hickory smoked barbecue is the best!
Hotdogs and hamburgers on a grill.
Holy cow, this looks heavenly!
How do you like your meat burnt?
I want a hot body, but I also want barbeque.
If you hate hotdogs, then you’re the wurst!
If you like it then you shoulda put a rub on it.
It ain’t barbecue if there’s no smoke.
Life needs more beer and barbeque.
Love is in the air. No wait, it’s just the smell of good BBQ.
Loving someone who makes great barbecue is not difficult at all.
My barbeque is smoking!
Not making a mess while eating BBQ means you’re doing it wrong.
Nothing like a fiery barbecue party.
One must have a BBQ skewer in both hands to have a well-balanced diet.
People who barbeque together, stay together.
Read my lips: “It’s time to BBQ!”
Rub. Smoke. Eat. Repeat.
Rubbed with delectable spices and seasonings.
Slow-smoked all the way!
Surrounded by good friends and good barbecue.
Take a look at this meat.
That ain’t burnt, that’s flavor.
The heat is on!
This will likely take a few years off my lifespan, but totally worth it!
What’s my weakness? You guessed it! Barbeque.
Where there’s smoke, there’s food.
Yes, a steak can be smoked!
You can always count on BBQ no matter what.
Ain’t barbecue like sex? Because even when it’s bad, it’s still really good.
All you need is barbeque.
BBQ lover since birth.
Call me a pitmaster.
Did somebody say barbecue?
Drive several miles and the barbeque changes.
Eating is a necessity, but BBQ is an art.
Every barbecue feels like the best one ever.
Everything tastes better with grill marks.
Feeling really sorry for vegans.
Good BBQ is more complicated than you think.
Hanging out with my grill buddies.
Heat and meat is what no other food can beat.
If there’s no barbecue in heaven, then count me out.
It’s what I do; I grill and drink.
Just chilling and having a barbeque is my kind of vacation.
Just saying, but this could be your next meal.
Keep calm and eat BBQ.
Life may be a game, but barbecue is serious.
Meat straight from the fiery pits of hell.
My comfort food is barbeque.
Put your pork on your fork.
Relax, it’s just heat and meat.
Rubbed my meat for about 2 minutes. But enough about my BBQ secrets.
Smoke ‘em if you got ‘em.
Smoky food doesn’t get any better than this.
The only cure for barbecue obsession is to eat some.
The smokey smell will fade, but the memories will last forever.
This is gonna be lit!
Time to barbeque low and slow.
To me, BBQ is a religion.
Wake up, it’s barbecue o’ clock!
What’s more perfect than wine and barbeque combined?
Where there’s a grill, there’s a way.
Will go to hell for a good BBQ.
You don’t need a lot of money to have a good barbecue.
You don’t win hearts with salad.
A little too much chocolate is just about the right amount.
Anything tastes better when dipped in chocolate.
As long as chocolate exists in this world, there will always be happiness.
Be it cookies, cakes, or milkshakes—I love chocolate in all forms!
Chocolate fixes everything.
Chocolate is the secret to eternal youth. Like, have you ever seen a 7-year old eating a chocolate bar who’s all wrinkly and haggard?
Chocolate: “Here today, gone today.”
Die eating chocolate, and you die happy.
Dip it in chocolate; it’ll be fine.
Do I have a chocolate addiction? No, chocolate is the one addicted to me.
Either you bring me some chocolate or you leave me alone.
Everything that I am, I owe to chocolate.
Exercise is such a filthy word! I have to cleanse my mouth with chocolate whenever I utter it.
Forget love; I’d rather fall in chocolate.
Fudge is needed by everyone on Earth. It helps us cope in life.
Getting rid of a frown is easy when there’s chocolate around.
Happy are those who find unexpected chocolate.
How to avoid eating too much chocolate? Melt it and drink it!
I can make chocolates disappear in an instant! How about you, what’s your secret talent?
I used to have a chocolate problem. Then I found some; so problem solved!
Is there chocolate in heaven? If not, then I'm not going.
Just knowing that I have a secret stash of chocolate is genuinely comforting.
Let’s protect planet Earth. Chocolate doesn’t exist elsewhere.
Music soothes the soul, but chocolate works faster.
Never trust anyone who doesn’t like chocolate.
Nothing is better than a friend, except a friend who is bringing chocolate.
Oh how I wished stress was chocolate-coated.
Some people choose therapy. The rest of us choose chocolate.
The chocolate is calling; I must go!
Too hot for chocolate to handle! I mean, they literally melt in my hands.
Two thing I love about chocolate are: (1) the inside, and (2) the outside.
Unlike therapy, you don’t need an appointment for chocolate. Plus, it’s way cheaper!
Walking by chocolate without eating it is impossible for me.
What kind of fiend could possibly detest chocolate?
Whether you succeed or fail, you celebrate with chocolate.
You can’t recall my name? Just say chocolate, and I’ll turn around.
A foretaste of heaven.
A guilt-free sin.
A piece worth existing for.
Abandon chocolate? Never!
Be happy, eat chocolate.
Chocolate is my lifeline.
Chocolate needs no reason.
Chocolate runs in my veins.
Comfort without words.
Cure for a bad day.
Craving for chocolate!
Dipped in chocolate.
Edible happiness.
Every day is chocolate day!
For the kid in me.
Irresistibly tempting.
Gimme a break!
Good chocolate, good mood.
Loco for cocoa.
Melt in my mouth.
Money talks, chocolate sings.
Most days require chocolate.
My best partner.
My kind of happiness.
Oh, divine chocolate!
Pure indulgence.
Savor it; don’t rush.
Stress out and eat chocolate.
Sweet creation.
The finest cocoa.
The promise of sweet perfection.
This must be true love.
When taste meets soul.
You had me at chocolate.
You make me melt.
Yummy to the last bite!
A day without chocolate is like... Just joking! I have no idea.
Carpe cocoa; seize the chocolate!
Chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate. Need I say more?
Days that end with “Y” are the days when I’m allowed to eat chocolate.
Empty calories? Does a hollow chocolate bunny count?
Everyone should believe in something. Well, I believe I’ll have another bar of chocolate.
Four out of five people love chocolate. The fifth person is a liar.
Grim reaper, please let my end be death by chocolate.
Hand me the chocolate, now! There really is no need for anyone to get hurt.
Hot fudge fills deep needs.
Hurry up, I’m choco-late for my appointment.
I can’t keep calm around chocolate.
I just want to have ABS...olutely more chocolate!
I miss you a choco-lot!
If the question is related to chocolate, then my answer is “YES!”
Just like duct tape, chocolate can fix anything.
Let's face it, chocolate is far more reliable than anyone we know.
Keep calm and eat chocolate.
Me + Chocolate = Forever Together!
My favorite veggie is chocolate. Because you know, chocolate comes from cocoa, and cocoa comes for a tree.
Never late; just choco-late!
Once upon a time, I was starving. And that, my friend, is the reason why all the chocolates are gone!
Resistance is futile; surrender to chocolate!
Screw apologies; I prefer chocolate!
The answer is chocolate. Who even cares what the question is?
There is no “we” in chocolate.
Unless you’re bringing hot cocoa, don’t wake me up before 10am, please.
What the fudge?!
What’s the only thing that’s better than chocolate? More chocolate!
When life throws lemons at you, hurl them back and demand for chocolate.
You’re the fudging best!
All I want is peace on Earth, love for everyone, unity for all, and a bar of chocolate.
Always prepared with a hidden stash of chocolate.
Because God cherishes us and wishes us to be happy, he made chocolate possible.
Chocolate is always a good idea.
Consume food in moderation, except chocolates.
Does chocolate make you happy? If it does, eat it. If it doesn’t, hand it over to me.
Eating a scrumptious piece of chocolate is a perfect way to kick-start the day.
Every day, without fail, I eat some chocolate.
For the record, I’ve never encountered a chocolate I didn’t like.
God gave angels wings, and humans chocolate.
Happiness is taking a selfie with your favorite chocolate.
How in the world would I have managed to survive without chocolate?
I breathe only for you, chocolate.
I’m quite certain that chocolate tastes as good as skinny feels.
If chocolate ruled the world, everyone would be happy.
If God blesses you with chocolate, you open your mouth wide, no?
It’s never too late for chocolate.
Just the smell of chocolate mesmerizes me that I can’t withstand not putting it in my mouth.
Molten chocolate on your hands means you’re eating it too slow.
My only addiction was chocolate. Boy, was it a rocky road!
Neuroscientists confirm that chocolate means more to some people than others.
Nothing is more romantic than chocolate.
Practicing self-restraint in all things except love and chocolate.
Pure happiness is that feeling when chocolate melts in your mouth.
Sh*t happens, chocolate helps.
Technology can’t impress me until it allows me to download chocolate.
Thirteen out of ten people love chocolate.
Unless you’re chocolate, it’s okay that you can’t make everyone happy.
Unquestionably, chocolate brings good luck.
We have chocolate in common—that, to me, is enough.
Who said chocolate is an addiction? It’s simply a real necessity.
You brought chocolate? Well, as far as I’m concerned right now, you’re my favorite person.
A little lick of frozen cream every now and then, goes a long, long way.
A surprise in every lick.
All gloomy weather is meaningless in the face of ice cream.
Always in the mood for sprinkles and sugar cones.
Brain freeze!
Cold treats are my kind of comfort food.
Eat gelato like there’s no tomorrow!
Emotionally attached to ice cream.
Enjoy the chilly, little things.
Every spoonful brings me closer to heaven.
Everything is sweeter and more colorful with sprinkles on top.
Fueled by ice cream.
Gelato is sweet, and so am I!
Here’s the scoop!
I don’t need an inspiring and motivational quote. I need ice cream.
I followed my heart and it led me to ice cream.
I licked it, so it’s mine!
I’m a softie when it comes to soft serve.
I’m eating the entire pint now so that it won’t be able to tempt me later.
Ice cream plus me is equal to happy me!
Ice cream never judges. Neither does it discriminate nor disappoint. It always understands.
Ice cream season goes from age one until death.
If ice cream is the answer, then who cares what the question is!
It’s time to make my brain freeze.
Just the mere thought of eating this blizzard-like treat is putting pounds on me.
Kick them in the ass and go get some ice cream.
Let’s scoot into a world of scoops.
Life is short, so make it sweet.
Melt into my mouth.
My brain is asking for salad, but my stomach is growling for ice cream.
My cold heart runs on ice cream.
My day dreams are made of ice cream.
My stomach has a separate ice cream compartment.
Never take ice cream cravings lightly.
No one eats ice cream with a sad face.
No weather or climate is too cold for ice cream.
Not liking ice cream is the same as being uninterested in heaven’s grace.
Nothing like a frozen treat to help you cool down.
Obligatory cone post.
Once you start licking it, there’s no quitting!
Peace, love, joy, and ice cream.
Pouring melted ice cream on ice cream like it’s sauce!
Relationship Status: Ice Cream!
Savoring the creamy goodness one scoop at a time.
Sweet, cold, and creamy with a chance of sprinkles.
The best time for ice cream is always.
The cherry on top makes everything better.
The only reason I don’t want to go to hell is because there’s probably no ice cream there.
The only time I workout my body is when I’m chasing after the ice cream truck.
There is satisfaction in seeing someone voraciously eating a bowl of ice cream.
This frozen treat is worth all the weight gain!
This must be what heaven tastes like.
Torn between doing some exercise or eating this cold treat.
When life gives you popsicles, eat them before they melt.
Why pay for therapy when you can just have gelato for a tiny fraction of the cost?
Can’t cone-trol my sweet cravings.
Chill out, what ya yellin’ for?
Cold stoned!
Cone-gratulations to me!
Dear dairy, today was a sweet day for me.
Did you hear about the proposed law banning ice cream? Don’t worry, it was ruled un-cone-stitional.
Did you hear the scoop?
Do I love ice cream? You sherbet I do!
Clearly, this frozen dessert is going to ent-ice!
Go shawty, it's sherbet day.
Got here as soon as popsicle.
Hey ice cream, wanna spoon?
I lick big cones and I cannot lie.
I lick you a lot!
I scream, you scream, everyone screams for ice cream!
Ice cream because you’re driving me crazy.
Ice, ice, baby!
In-cone-Ceivable!
Lick me till ice cream.
Love this un-cone-ditionally.
Now, watch me drip.
Snap, crackle, popsicle!
Some things are just mint to be.
Sprinkled with love.
Sundae funday!
Sundae is my favorite day of the week.
This is the fudging best!
We are mint for each other.
Whatever sprinkles your frozen dessert.
When I dip, you dip, we dip.
When you play the game of cones, you win or you win. There is no losing scenario.
With ice cream, anything is popsicle.
You cone do it!
You miss one hundred percent of the ice cream you don't scoop.
A day without ice cream is a day wasted.
A sugary, chilled creation like no other.
A winter wonderland in my mouth.
Abs or ice cream? I think I’ll go with ice cream.
All you need is love, and maybe a little bit of ice cream.
Any time is ice cream time.
Be happy, stay cool.
Being able to afford all the ice cream in the world is as wealthy as I would ever wish to be.
Can you even call it summer without even a lick of ice cream?
Calories don’t count if they’re frozen.
Cream as cold as ice.
Cool and creamy by nature.
Enjoy the cool ride, and savor the sweet ending.
Every season is ice cream season.
Fit for a golden spoon.
Frozen cream runs through my veins.
Fun in the sun.
Happily ever afters are made of ice cream.
Hold on to your grudge while I enjoy my ice cream.
I believe in ice cream because it always seems like it also believes in me!
I don’t play favorites when it comes to ice cream flavors.
I need ice cream like seven times a day.
Ice cream has the power to melt all the negative thoughts away.
If there’s an obscene amount of ice cream involved, then I’m in!
It ain’t going to lick itself.
It’s never too early for ice cream.
It’s rude to say “no” to ice cream. Only say that to drugs.
Just got soft-served!
Legit ice cream afficionado.
Let’s put my licking skills to the test.
Life is too short to not get the double scoop.
Melt like a frozen treat.
My heart melts for you.
My obsessive love for ice cream started at a very young age. Even now, the same holds true.
Never, ever, feel bad about the occasional ice cream treat.
Neither toothaches nor heartaches are a match for ice cream!
Once you lick it, there’s no stopping.
One scoop is not enough. Don’t settle for that!
Proof that even cold things can warm the heart.
Put all your trust in ice cream.
Sharing your ice cream with other people makes them feel happy and indebted to you.
Some of my favorite photos are of ice creams.
Sweet and cool! Okay, enough about me. Let’s talk about the ice cream.
Teach kids about taxes by eating approximately 30 percent of their ice cream.
The cold never bothered me anyway.
The ice cream says everything is going to be okay, so I'll go with that.
This cold treat is the solution to every problem in the world.
Treat yourself.
Wanna see me make this ice cream vanish into my mouth?
We are what we eat? Then I must be awfully cold and sweet!
Winter is coming. And that means cream will be turning into ice!
When everyone has let you down, you still have ice cream.
Why do I carry a snow cone on each hand? This is what a well-balanced diet looks like to me.
Why stop at one scoop, right?
You can never feel lonely when you’re eating ice cream.
You can’t make everyone happy else. You’re not an ice-cream vendor.
All I need is one wheel in hand and four wheels on the road.
Any road will take you wherever you want to go. Just pick one and go.
Arriving isn’t everything. It’s the wild stuff that happens along the way that makes up everything.
Better to travel than to arrive.
Choose the scenic route.
Come along and take a ride.
Communing with the open road. It listens, feels, and understands.
Drifting on the road is my favorite mood.
Driving on the highway, listening to the radio, rolling the windows down, and breathing the wild air. What a great time to be alive!
Escape the ordinary and breathe the fresh air of unfamiliar places.
Every now and then, I take to the road looking for adventure.
Extraordinary things happen when you don’t know where you’re going.
Get in the car!
Going places that I’ve never been.
Hit the road!
I’ve always wanted to see what’s at the end of the road.
It is actually the interruptions that happen along the way that makes up the whole journey.
It may be a long journey, but it will take you to freedom.
Keep moving forward and don’t look back.
Keeping the windows down and letting the wind blow my worries away.
Leave everything behind and just go ahead the road.
Learning as I ride and go.
Let’s begin the journey.
Life is fleeting, and so is time. Take that spontaneous road trip while you still can.
Look at life through a windshield, not through the rear view mirror.
Making memories one road trip at a time.
My real home is on the road.
Nothing behind me, everything ahead of me. As ever is so on the road.
On the road is my happy place.
Racing with the wind.
Roaming the roads of lands remote.
Somewhere along the road, I’ve discovered how beautiful life is indeed.
The road is a great listener.
There’s this thing about road trips that throws our sense of time out of the window.
Travel with curiosity.
Turns out, I just needed a day off and a dirt road.
Ultimately, every road leads to the whole world.
Wanderlust and highway dust.
Windows down, music up.
Without hesitation, I’m on my way to everywhere.
Your life, your ride.
A travel addict on the road of recovery. Ironic, isn’t it?
Age doesn’t matter when you’re buying snacks for a road trip. You should always look like you’re an unsupervised kid who was given a load of cash.
All I need is chips, sweets, drinks, and a road trip.
Are we there yet? How far is it?
Baby, you got the keys. Now shut up and drive!
Being zen-like while driving doesn’t mean I’ve stopped hating every jerk on the road. However, it keeps my road rage at bay by making me more passive and less aggressive about most roadblocks.
Can't chat. Gotta run. Bye!
Drive it like you stole it!
Driving ain’t dangerous. Crashing is!
Every time I go on extended road trips, I get emotionally attached to the cars ahead of me.
Followed my heart and it made me follow the road.
Gone in sixty seconds, and be back never!
Handling your own on the road can be easy if you have a believable grin and common sense.
Happiness is going on a road trip and blasting good music.
Hey GPS, show me today’s most scenic route. Let’s take that!
Hit nothing but the road.
I just came across a fork on the road, and I took it. If it was a spoon, I would have taken it as well.
I’ve always been on the road since the zombie outbreak.
If a police car isn’t after you, you’re not doing it right.
It takes a lot of skill to keep a vehicle from crashing especially during fits of rage and hysteria.
It’s a road trip, and it’s about adventure!
Just drive! But don’t forget to say a little prayer.
Kilometers are shorter than miles. Thus, you should always take your trips in kilometers. It saves a lot of gas!
Math is dangerous, so don’t drink and derive!
Never underestimate the healing power of driving with really loud music on the highway.
Nothing like avoiding everything by being on the road at all times.
Perhaps I’m going nowhere, but still—what a ride!
Pleasant road trips require yummy snacks, good music, fun chatter, and oh—reliable directions!
Road trips would be a lot better if they paid my bills.
Rolling my car window down, and my eyes.
Run like the roadrunner and never look down.
Sometimes, the best therapy is a long drive with good car music.
Texting while driving? Oh, cell no!
The destination isn’t actually the best part of a road trip. It’s the fast food pit stops along the way!
There’s really nowhere to go but everywhere!
While on the road, I discovered that mountains aren’t just funny. They’re hill areas!
You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise.
You’ve got two options when you need to pee while on a road trip: public restrooms or the wilderness. I chose the wilderness and my dogs nodded in solidarity.
A journey that leads to freedom.
Asphalt roads keep me grounded.
Being on the road is bliss. I love traveling from city to city, chilling out, and moving on to the next destination.
Daring and optimistic, I take to the open road.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
Every day is a winding road.
Focus on the road ahead of you.
Going where the streets have no name.
Have the guts to get in the car.
I don’t really identify with one place in particular.
I need the curving, winding, twisting dusty path to nowhere
I see the road, but I don’t know where it leads. Onward to a new adventure!
I’ll meet you when the road decides that it’s time for our paths to cross again.
I’m in the mood for a road trip.
Jump in and let's go!
Let’s go on a road trip.
Let’s lie on the ground and write songs about nature all day.
Let’s take it one mile at a time.
Living life by the steering wheel.
Living easy, living free.
May the road rise with you.
My dreams are ready to take the road.
Not knowing where a road leads is what inspires me to go for it.
Nothing fixes cabin fever like the open road.
Nothing like good music on the road.
On your mark, get set, go!
Out of mind, out of town.
Pay no mind to the potholes and bumps on the road. Focus on enjoying the trip.
Putting a little gravel in my travel.
Riding until I can't no more.
Roads are never-ending. That’s why the party also never ends.
Sometimes, all you need is a vehicle and a tank of gas.
Speeding into a new sunrise.
Strangely, I’m on the road yet I feel at home.
Take only memories, leave only skid marks.
Taking the road to success.
The road ahead is as long as you make it.
These are the days when anything goes.
There are no wrong turns.
To stay on the road is a massive achievement.
Traveling the extra mile.
Traveling where the wind will take me.
We’re almost there, but nowhere near it. All that matters is that we’re going.
Yeah, I'm chilling on a dirt road.
Yes, road trips can be costly. But, they do pay dividends.
A crowd of trees is the company I prefer right now.
Ah, the great outdoors.
As the wind brushes my hair, and the sun touches my skin, my heart pounds as if it is falling in love.
At times, finding yourself lost in nature results in you finding yourself.
Be like nature; it never hurries, but it accomplishes everything.
Being one with nature means being content with life.
Bloom, bloom, bloom!
Break free from your thoughts and find your soul in the forest.
Breathe, turn around, and enjoy the view.
By surrendering myself to nature, I gained peace.
Certified tree hugger, flower sniffer, and nature lover!
Check between the trees, and you’ll find a doorway to another world.
Come visit the woods, for there you shall find rest.
Dirty feet, messy hair, and sparkling eyes.
Each and every marvel of nature makes me rejoice like a little child.
Every time I walk in nature, I stumble upon a thousand miracles.
Explore the world around you.
Fashion is momentary. But nature? It’s forever in style.
Find me where the wild things are.
Fly high and touch the sky.
Giving my heart a well-deserved rest by talking it for a walk in the woods.
Go wherever you feel most alive.
Good ol’ fresh air and warm sunshine are hard to beat!
Green vibes only.
Hashtag nature, hashtag beauty.
Healing and recharging in the midst of the trees and the wind.
Hello, tree. Hello,wind. Hello, clouds. Hello, world.
High Tides Good Vibes.
I am wild and free—just like everything that surrounds me.
I ventured into nature; and suddenly, there was magic all around me!
If you need me, I’ll be outside.
In the trees and breeze, you’ll always find peace and bliss.
It’s magical how nature can soothe you, heal you, and put your senses back in order.
Just look at the beauty around you.
Keep quiet and enjoy the beautiful nature.
Leave the road, take the trails.
Life hurts, nature heals.
Living isn’t really quite enough; we all need sunshine, freedom, trees, and flowers.
Many questions were answered by spending time in nature whilst trying to figure them out.
My happy place is wherever sunshine dances.
My soul steers me into nature’s silence.
Nature called—I said “I’m omw.”
Nature beckons; I must listen!
No matter what mood you’re in, you’ll always feel pleasant and calm surrounded nature.
Nothing may be perfect in nature. But everything is perfect in nature as well.
Nourishing my spirit with a little walk in nature.
Nurtured by nature.
Occasionally, you’ll find the most beautiful things in the humblest places.
One with nature.
Peace spreads in the wings of nature.
Plowing the earth and feeling nature’s breath.
Promenading with the wild things.
Responding to the call of the wild.
Rich with the treasures of nature.
Sky above, earth below, peace within.
Sometimes, all you need is a break. In a serene place. Alone. To figure everything out.
Stop. Look. Listen. Breathe.
The greener, the better!
To sit under the trees and walk barefoot on the earth are such underrated leisure activities!
Wherever you are, be all there.
With a scenery like this, I’m ain’t ever leaving!
Within nature lies the cure for humanity.
Wonder. Wander. Repeat.
Yield to the allure of nature, and you’ll find yourself right where you belong.
You can always rely on nature’s music to calm your heart.
A flower blooms for its own happiness.
Be like a tree that is standing firm and tall.
Colors of the spirit are what nature always wears.
Content with simplicity, nature is no dummy.
Deep in their roots, all flora keep the light.
Despite the all the chaos and mess, wildflowers always find a way to spring up in the middle of nowhere.
Dwell among the splendors and secrecies of the earth and you’ll never feel alone or be weary of life.
Earth is an exceptional teacher. It can teach us more than we could ever learn from written texts.
Even the slightest immersion in nature is enough to make anyone believe in divinity.
Everything in nature has something that is born from the marvelous.
Fear not the wind when your roots are deep.
Flowers, despite being some of the fairest things in nature, still have their roots deep in earth and muck.
From time to time, let your bare feet be felt by the earth, and your hair be caressed by the wind.
Green is the color of which the loveliness of the world arises.
Hard climbs often provide the best views.
In every stroll with nature, one obtains far more than is originally pursued.
Is nature a place to visit? Not really, because it’s actually home.
It’s amazing how every solitary thing in nature is connected to the rest of the world.
Learn from nature because it provides lessons and experiences that are beyond unimaginable.
Look around and try to comprehend that nature is a beautiful gift form the heavens.
Match your heartbeat with that of the universe, and you’ll be able to match your own nature with mother nature.
Nature keeps the answers to the questions that humans have not yet learned to ask.
No such thing as wasted time when you spend it among the trees.
One touch of nature can turn everything into kin.
People who love the woods rarely stay on the path.
Rest isn’t really the cure to exhaustion. It’s nature.
Some remarkable paths remain hidden to those who are not willing to get lost.
The deeper you look into nature, the more you understand everything better.
The wilderness has its own language to communicate with souls. It’s a lullaby of peace and solitude born from deep within.
To start delving into the secrets of the universe, one must go through the wilderness.
Walking in nature means walking your soul back home.
Where flowers bloom, so does hope.
Without the gloom of the rain, we would never be grateful for the warmth of the sun.
You’d be a fool to miss the whole world out there that is waiting earnestly and patiently for you.
A bit of nature magic today.
Admire the stories the trees tell you.
Art, nature, and finding the beauty in everything.
Be someone who has deep sensitivity when it comes to the beauty of art or nature.
Breathe in, breathe out.
Colors are merely nature’s smiles.
Don’t stop be-leafing.
Earth laughs in flowers.
Each flower is a spirit blooming in nature.
Eventually, all trees lose their leaves. Not one of them is worried though.
Filling my lungs with fresh air so that I can feel mentally clear.
Find yourself within nature.
Follow the pace of mother nature. Patience is her secret.
For a second there, I lost myself.
Forest is for rest.
Going back to my roots
Greeting you all from the wild.
I followed my heart, and it led me here.
I’m a faithful friend of nature.
If only my eyes could take photos.
It’s in the woods where I rest my weary soul.
Listening to the enchanted murmurs of the deep-rooted trees.
Little nature lovers eventually become big nature lovers.
Magic does exist in this planet; it’s contained in water.
May the forest be with you.
My soul dances to the call of the forests and mountains.
Nature is the art of God.
No need to ask a beautiful path where it leads.
Nowadays, the wilderness feels like a luxury. But really, it’s a necessity for the human soul.
Peace sounds like a spirit floating amongst the clouds in the sky.
People who plant gardens are people who believe in tomorrow.
Place your hands hands into soil to feel grounded.
Plants are my soil mates.
Raise your face towards the sun and synergize with its warmth and its fire to feel your own immeasurable power.
Selfie time for this freak of nature.
Solemn time between me and nature.
Surprisingly, answers can be found in the soul of water.
To sit outdoors and really listen are just two of life’s simplest pleasures.
Take it or leaf it!
The view is tree-mendous!
Trees give peace to my soul.
Turning over a new leaf.
Wade in water to feel emotionally healed.
We dream of colors borrowed from the earth and the sky.
Whichever paths you choose in life, be sure to explore some of those that are made of dirt.
Wild, beautiful, and drenched in sun—I must be a flower!
You leaf me breathless.
A walk in nature can fix a broken heart.
A well-deserved refreshing pause.
All I need is a fresh breeze and some tall trees.
Allow the rhythm of water to set your soul free.
Back to nature.
Beautiful things never seek for attention.
Breath in the wild air.
Cheers to the laws of nature!
Consider me enthralled and fascinated.
Don’t you all just love nature?
Drunk in wilderness, and I just can’t have enough.
Even the leaves fall for me.
Flowers remind us why rain is necessary.
Frantic lovers of nature can find beauty everywhere.
Go the extra mile; it’s never crowded.
Going where the wind blows!
Got lost, so here I am!
Happiness is breathing fresh air where the trees crowd.
Have you heard about the best therapist? Her name is nature.
Here for some fresh air.
I left my wild true heart in the woods.
I’ll always root for nature.
I’m at home among the trees.
If healing is what you seek, go find water and trees.
If you can’t afford trips, nature walks are great too.
Imagine walking into the woods and coming out taller than the trees.
In love with the sceneries that take my breath away.
Jive with the waves, and adopt the pace of the ocean.
Just go and breathe some fresh air.
Let nature be your teacher.
Looking for a portal to inner peace? Step outside.
My soul speaks in flowers.
Nature has great simplicity with a great beauty.
Name the three greatest physicians. Answer: nature, time, and patience.
No better way to reset.
Observe it. Enjoy it. Let nature make you happy.
Peace comes for me as soon as my feet touch the earth.
Pieces of heaven exists right here on earth.
Something is really amiss with you if you can’t find yourself in awe of nature.
Take it all in—the smell, the sound, and the feel of nature.
The right kind of busy.
There’s nothing more peaceful than the sound of the wind rustling some leaves on the trees.
To live peacefully in a corner of nature; this is my one true desire.
True bliss can be found in the stillness of nature.
We’ve got a case of incurable wanderlust.
What a wonderful world.
When the wind blows, the grass bends.
Would you defy nature for me?
You can always play outside. No one is ever too old.
A family that spends time together thru getaways and vacations, stays together.
All our bags are packed, we’re ready to go.
An amazing reset day filled with fun.
At the end of the day, it’s all about family.
Best family vacation ever!
Capture only moments, leave only footprints.
Dear family vacations, old and new, thank you for the memories
Delightful smiles from our family to yours.
Don’t mind us, we’re just creating some fun and new memories.
Each and every family needs to unplug from time to time.
Everyone’s a little bit crazy and a little bit loud. But everyone’s sharing a generous amount of love.
Family means no one’s left behind.
Forget the years and just remember the moments.
Go. Travel. Enjoy one another.
Good vibes, great tides, and my family.
Happy are those who have a loving, caring, and close-knit family, enjoying their time in different places.
I’m here for the hugs and kisses.
If we could freeze time, we’d freeze it right about now.
It’s giggle time!
Laughter is an instant vacation.
Let’s wander where the Wi-Fi is weak.
Lots to cheer. It’s family getaway time!
My happy place is anywhere with palm trees and my fam.
No journey is ever dull and drawn-out when with good company.
Oh, the places we’ll go.
Our very own traditional way of handling stress is to book flight tickets for a family escapade.
Pack up, fam! It’s time for adventure.
Passports, planes, and my people.
Stay positive. Stay focused. Stay vacation ready.
Staycation like no other.
Swipe for a family selfie.
Tans and jetlag fade, but memories last forever.
The snuggle is real!
The views were beautiful, but the connections were the best part!
Time waits for no one, so take everyone to a travel adventure.
Unforgettable memories made!
Unwinding with the best people in the world.
Vacation lovers since birth.
We ain’t tourists! We are travelers!
We came. We saw. We conquered.
Who are my ideal travel companions? My family, of course!
Yup, we’re having fun.
You know everything is all right when you’re with your family and the sunshine.
A family adventure a day keeps the family doctor away.
All of us are blessed beyond our troubles.
Be happy, it’s wacky family time!
Cherish each and every silly family moment.
Chill vibes in the air.
Confirmed! We are officially wasting our time wisely.
Crazy doesn’t skip a generation.
Days, weeks, months, and years from now, we will be looking back at these moments and think about how much fun we had.
Everything about this vacation makes our souls glow in happiness.
Food-focused family vacations are the best!
Fully charged with happy family energy.
Future moments of nostalgia.
Get in! We’re going glamping!
Golden hour is our happy hour.
Happy to have gone and happy to be going back.
Home is people. Not a place.
I once heard someone say: “don’t go chasin’ waterfalls!” Nevertheless, we did and it was worth it.
I’ve been kidnapped. Help!
Into the wild we go!
It wouldn’t be a party without my whole family.
Just hanging with my ornaments.
Laughing under the clouds and the sun.
Let’s squeeze the day!
Look at this temperamental family. And by temperamental, I mean half-temper and half-mental.
Looking forward to more adventures in the future.
Love you to the beach and back.
Making memories to last a lifetime.
Not only do we need to be living life, we need to be loving it too.
Okay, we’re all like 90% happy and 10% sun-burnt.
One day, this moment will be ten, twenty, or even thirty years ago.
Our family says hello to the tropics.
Putting the “fun” in “dysfunctional”.
Road trips with the people I love are my favorite kind of trips.
Stay really close to the folks who feel like sunshine to you.
The letter “f” isn’t just for “fun” but for “family” too.
There were some hiccups along the way, but we still ended where we intended to be.
This is my family. Imperfect as they might seem, they are actually perfect to me!
Time is precious. Waste it wisely.
To say we are obsessed with family trips and vacations is an understatement!
Vacation should never be kept waiting!
We were overdue for a vacay…so yeah.
What’s our favorite color? It’s the sunset.
When all else fails, take a vacation.
Who are these people? What am I doing here?
You call it a pandemonium. We call it a family vacation.
You don’t turn your back on family, even if they do.
A little family time every now and then is good for the soul.
A snapshot of our weekend getaway.
As far as everyone around us thinks, we are a nice, normal family.
Being on a family escapade has never felt so good.
Can’t wait for the next family vacation!
Don’t mind if we do.
Enjoying our short escape.
Every now and then, we make huge deposits in our memory banks. This vacation is one of those deposits.
Family always comes first.
Family over everything.
Family time is the best time.
Fully unplugged. Now it’s time for some fellowship with the family.
Hanging out with family is always a great idea.
Having fun till we all drop.
It’s the little moments that will last in our memories forever.
Let’s always vacay together.
Memories created by families last a lifetime.
Needed this vacation so much!
No act of familial love, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Our roots remain as one.
People will stare anyway, so make it worth their while.
Respect family time. Protect family moments.
Shout-out to my beautiful family.
The only regrettable vacation is the one you didn’t take.
These are the days we live for.
This escapade is our home and our adventure all at once.
Vacations don’t exist so that we could escape life. They exist so that life does not escape us.
We are a family of adventurers.
We ate like kings, laughed way too hard, enjoyed some family time, explored and tried new things. Enjoyed every minute of this vacation,
We definitely will be back!
We have each other, don’t we? Therefore, we have everything.
You really can’t say we’re not living life.
You just know you had a fantastic time when you spent it with your precious loved ones.
A salad ain’t just a meal; it’s a way of life.
All you need is…plants.
Big fan of leafy dishes.
Check out my greens!
Chock full of delicious flavors!
Do I have any addictions? Well, salads maybe.
Eat clean, be happy.
Eat crappy, feel crappy. Eat healthy, feel healthy.
Every time I eat salad, I’m like: “My life better change after this!”
For the love of greens!
Fresh, crisp, and full of life.
Fruit salad is the best salad. Fight me!
Grazing and gorging as much as I want.
Guess who’s cutting back on carbs?
Happiness is picking and enjoying greens from your own backyard.
Health requires healthy food.
Healthy living is not a diet.
Here’s the golden rule for salads: “Don’t forget the dressing.”
I’m doing this for me.
If there’s meat in it, then that’s my salad.
In a relationship with salad.
Life is better when you eat salad.
Light on calories, loaded with taste.
Manifesting my inner cow.
My bowl is filled to the brim with all the colors of the earth.
My healthy future begins now.
Nothing tastes as good as thin feels.
One of my favorite games is “Find the bacon in the lettuce!”
Peace, love, and a satisfying bowl of salad.
Perhaps I was a panda in my past life.
Salad for lunch and 3 boxes of chocolates tonight!
Skip the diet, just eat healthy.
Strong salad game today.
The only bar I frequent is, without a shred of doubt, the salad bar.
When I die, please toss my ashes like you toss salad.
When life gives you lemons, squeeze them on your salad!
Who said salads have to be boring?
Which came first, the chicken salad or the egg salad?
A few more calories won’t hurt.
A fit and fab body sounds nice, but not as much as dessert!
Always save room for dessert.
Are you feeling downie? Then eat a brownie!
Beginning the day with something sweet.
Boo-hoo, I ain’t sharing my desserts!
Cake is my happy place.
Consider my mood lifted.
Dessert is always the solution to any problem.
Dessert is calling me; I must go.
Don’t go breaking promises; break pie crusts instead.
Doughnuts make the world go round.
Everyone has their own poison. Mine happens to be sugar.
Fitness, you say? More like fit this cake in my mouth!
Follow me to the dessert table.
Hot fudge runs through my veins.
Hungry? Why wait? Grab a sweet treat!
I liked it, so I licked it!
If the saying “we are what we eat” is true, then I must be impressively sweet.
Is a day even over if you haven't had dessert?
Keep calm and eat dessert.
Leaving no trace on the plate.
Licking the bowl and leaving no trace!
Life without sweet treats is no life at all!
Living the sweet life.
My life motto: “Always leave space for dessert!”
My sweet tooth is tingling.
No need for an occasion to eat cake.
No one settles for just one scoop!
So many kinds of desserts, so little time.
Sorry, I’m busy eating cake.
Stressed read backward is desserts.
Sugar is my sidekick.
Sweet dreams are made of this.
Taking my pleasure seriously.
The only reason I carry a knife around is there might be cake where I’m going.
The taste of sweetness calms my soul.
The sugar made me do it.
Try it once, forget the rest.
What’s my superpower? I can make sweets disappear in a flash!
What a sweet world we live in.
Will do anything just for dessert. Yup, even trample children.
You know you want it.
A bite of deliciousness.
A magical treat.
Baked happiness.
But first, dessert.
Colorful eatables.
Creations for celebrations.
Delight in every bite.
Enjoy the little things.
Filled with magic.
Follow your hunger.
From oven to table.
Happiness starts here.
It’s dessert o’clock!
Let’s get that yummy
Live, love, cakes.
Love at first bite.
Made for sweet dreams.
Making sweet things happen.
My happily ever after.
Need a sweet?
Obsessed with desserts.
Pro at sugar-coating everything!
Seek sweety, find happy.
Sinful indulgence.
So sinful, so luscious.
Sprinkled with love.
Sugar rush!
Sweet as a kiss.
Sweet ecstasy.
Take a bite, then another.
Treat yourself today.
You had me at dessert.
Absolutely eat dessert first!
Adding sweetness to my life.
Always celebrate with desserts.
Baked with lots of love and cream.
Dallops of sweet love in an otherwise cruel world.
Dessert is the most vital part of any meal.
Dessert or disaster? You choose!
Did someone say cookies?
Every bite makes you fall in love.
Fairy tales got nothing on desserts.
First comes love, then comes dessert.
Give me all the chocolates, donuts, and ice cream any day of the week!
Give my compliments to the pâtissier.
Have you ever tasted heaven?
Help yourself to something sweet.
How do I like my eggs? In a cake, duh!
I believe in cake for breakfast.
I take dessert seriously.
In a cheerful mood.
If there’s no dessert at the event, I’m not going.
It’s so hard to stay sad when you’re eating dessert.
Just another magic dish.
Life happens, dessert helps.
My secret indulgent food is dessert.
Never say “no” to sweets!
No words needed.
Pancakes with a side of pancakes.
Priorities: Dessert!
So rich, so tasty, so cakey!
Spread happiness as thick as you would chocolate spread.
Stay cool and eat ice cream.
Sugar, how you get so fly?
The more you weigh, the harder for you to kidnap. So, eat more sugar.
There’s always more room for dessert in my tummy!
Tiramisu is the key to world peace.
We all dream of ice cream.
You can't buy me love, but you can always buy me dessert!
Actually, I jade very quickly.
All this free time, and I utterly have no idea what to do.
And then I realized, it’s time to do something.
Avoid boredom like the plague and you will never find yourself to be boring.
Bored of being bored because being bored is boring.
Both my body and mind are currently unemployed.
Chilling is the art of doing nothing without being bored.
Despite the existence of boredom, would you still want to be immortal?
Do right now what your future self can thank you for.
Doing nothing is the main point of being bored. Accept it and take pleasure in doing nothing.
Enslaved by my own free time.
Everything we do is all just a mad rush to bedtime.
Feeling bored? Pump your adrenaline!
Fifty shades of boredom.
Having absolutely nothing to do is torture, for I am forced to talk vis-à-vis with my own self.
Humans are boring!
I do weird crap when I’m bored.
I put the “king” in “slacking.”
Is it the weekend yet?
It’s time to have a home party, but without guests.
Jealous of artists because they never seem to get bored in life.
Kroo, kroo, kroo.
Literally dying of boredom.
Meh is the new normal.
No brainer, the boredom is in your head.
Only boring people get bored.
Perhaps the second worst crime in the world is boredom, while being a bore is the worst crime of all.
Remember that the time you enjoy wasting is never wasted time.
Rest and reset.
So I opened the curtains, then I closed them immediately after.
Sooner or later, you get bored and yearn for work.
Super busy doing nothing.
The art of being bored is lost.
The biggest battles internally happen in boredom.
The only thing more terrifying than a hell of torment is a hell of boredom!
This too shall pass.
Unfortunately, many people prefer to be boring than be bored.
Uninteresting things don’t exist in our universe. Uninterested people do exist though.
Weekend mood!
When bored, just surrender yourself to the peculiar and extraordinary!
Who else is bored and just scrolling around here?
Would you rather die of passion or die of boredom?
You think it’s boring right now? Well, it will only get worse!
A utopia cannot be a kingdom of boredom. The utopia we are currently living in, however, is boring.
Alone doesn’t mean lonely. You just have to learn how to enjoy your own company.
Any place where I am not bored is a place that teaches me nothing.
Bored thoughts eventually come out of the mouth as frantic words.
Boredom, to a certain degree, is the fault of the bored.
Burning out is not the result of going too fast. It happens when you go too slow and get bored.
Disinterest and dissatisfaction can only come from a boring mind.
Dreariness opens up the space for new engagements.
Every one in a while, try to appreciate the stillness in this world full of chaos.
Everything is good, well, except the things that bore you.
Feeling bored is such a childish attitude! People should be responsible for their own enjoyment.
For the wise, boredom is play. For the ordinary, it’s hell.
Humor is a serious game-changer during boring times.
If outside is a no-go, then inside is where you want to be.
If you don’t try to enjoy the things around you, then you’ll eventually have to pay the price, which is boredom!
It’s no secret that boring people usually tell everything from the get-go.
Just like a seesaw, life goes up and down favoring either fun or boredom.
Kids who are both time-rich and cash-poor should never be underestimated, for they have the power to make the impossible possible.
Know that boredom is a grave insult to one's own self.
Life is for living. If dreariness finds its way to you, then you might be the problem.
No one can be bored while trying to create something imaginative or discover something groundbreaking.
Nothing is as wearisome as monotonous days.
One can only hear the grumbling of the soul when boredom strikes.
People who loathe solitude usually have low standards when it comes to choosing companions.
Perhaps the Garden of Eden was so boring that Adam and Eve had to eat the forbidden fruit just to escape it.
Quiet doesn’t mean boring!
Rare as they may be, people who enjoy their own company exists. Blessed are they, for they shall never be bored.
The decision to do whatever you want to do with the time given to you have lies in your hands.
There is absolutely no excuse for boredom to exist in a world that is as fascinating as ours.
There is nothing quite like listening to upbeat music on a gloriously dreary day just to make sure you don't fall into the pitfall of boredom.
Time is a tempest, and we are all trapped and lost in it.
Usually, people who get trap in the whirlpool of boredom are bored with their own selves.
Without boredom, there would be no creativity.
You just need to let the dreary little things to suddenly thrill you. It takes a bit of time, but it’s all worth the wait.
A clever person is never bored, and a bored person is never clever.
Animals can be under-stimulated, but hardly bored.
Are you as bored as I am? Read that again, but backwards, and it will still make sense.
Are you telling me that nothing is impossible? For the record, I do nothing every day.
Boredom is my roommate, and it is hogging the pillows and bed sheets.
Call me the chairman of the bored.
Do you hear that? It’s the sound of me dying of boredom.
Don’t disturb! I’m talking to myself.
Don’t give up on your dreams. Keep sleeping.
Even my comfort zone is fitting a little too snug these days.
He who wakes up too early, risks unleashing yawns for the rest of the day.
Hey stomach, you’re not hungry. You’re just bored!
How can one be bored while accompanied by a multitude of annoying problems?
I have nothing to do. Might as well just get-to-know my family.
I probably need a break from this break.
I swear it was Friday like five minutes ago.
I’m not hungry, but I’m bored. Therefore, I shall eat!
I’m terribly bored right now. Things could get a little dangerous!
If everyone spent a few minutes each week on the swings at the playground, the world would be a much better place.
If I had access to carbs right now, I’d be much energetic.
If my life had a background sound right now, it would be the awkward silence of crickets sound.
It’s never too late to go back to bed.
Going outside to tell some random kid that I’m him/her from the future.
Let’s break from our orbits and head into space!
Me time!
My neck, my back, my Netflix, and my snacks.
Now would be a good time for a truck to hit me and send me to another world.
Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Should I cause some drama?
Someone please snatch me from this place and take me on an exciting adventure.
Surprisingly, I’m seldom bored when I’m alone.
Taking the staircase, one step at a time. Okay, two steps. Or maybe three steps. Then I’ll slide down from the top with a flat cushion.
The cold air whispered, “come closer and I'll tell you all the secrets,” but instead it blew out the fire in my soul.
Today’s forecast: Lazy with a chance of Netflix.
We all have a favorite eyebrow.
Well, I’m bored again. Time to open the fridge.
When I get bored, I get in trouble.
WIP doesn’t mean “work in progress.” It means “work indefinitely postponed.”
Yawning is the body’s way of saying “low battery.”
Am I bored or am I not just paying attention?
Am I really bored, or just lonely?
And the adventure inside my home begins.
Boredom, I refuse to be bored!
Bye, inspiration! So long, motivation!
Distract me, please.
Doing nothing not feeling guilty about it.
Earth is nothing more than a rotating ball of boredom.
Energy conservation mode.
Excruciatingly dull.
Exploring every corner of the house.
For me, food cures everything. Especially boredom!
Here in a place where the plot never thickens.
Hmm...I’m quite not sure what’s really worth my energy today.
I have some free time! Aaaaand it’s gone.
I’m bored in the house, and I’m in the house bored.
I'm going back to bed.
I’ve got that Sunday morning vibes.
If I'm going to be bored, I might as well be thorough.
Licensed napper.
Magic in the mind, no matter what potency, can take you to places you’ve never imagined.
Mood: “Disappointed, But Not Surprised.”
My whole being, engulfed.
Nope, today is definitely not my day.
Not thinking about anything.
Oh, would you look at the time!
Okay, I’ll just clean my room.
Quality time with my imaginary friends.
So much energy, but why do I feel tired?
Sometimes, I pretend to be normal. But then it gets boring, so I return to being me.
Stuck in that awkward period between my exciting adventures.
The primary source of boredom is ignorance and lack of imagination.
Today is cancelled.
Too bored to do zilch, too lazy to do whatever.
Too young to be bored with life.
Usually, boredom evades me mainly because there isn’t enough time in the day for me.
Watching my food heating in the microwave.
What a nice day to do absolutely nothing.
When bored, do something productive.
Where's my bed? I need to get back soon.
You either wrestle with boredom, or you become a part of it.
A cup of tea is a solution for everything.
All I need is on massive cup of tea.
Any time is tea time!
Blood type: Tea positive.
Cheers to a slow-sipping day.
Cherishing the little pause that tea allows.
Come, let’s drink tea and talk about juicy stuff.
Fancy a cup of tea?
First, let’s have some tea. Then, let’s do some brilliant things.
Get a taste of tranquility.
Hello there, hot tea.
Hit me with your best pot.
Hocus pocus, I need to focus.
I drink tea for your own safety.
I take tea time very seriously.
It’s not just a drink; it’s a feeling.
Keeping the troubles away with a relaxing cup of tea.
Leave me alone! I’m drinking my tea.
Let the fragrance fill your mouth.
Make some tea and own the day.
Make tea, not war.
My morning, afternoon, and evening ritual.
Netflix and tea?
No tea, no talkey.
Not just a drink, but also a hug.
Note to self: tea helps.
One sip is all it takes to life thy spirits.
Peace in a cup.
Practicing to drink elegantly.
Sit down and relax.
So, what’s the tea?
Structuring my day by cups of tea.
Sweet tea and poetry kind of day.
Taking a quick tea break.
Tea is always there for me.
Tea is here to save the day.
The best time to drink tea is now.
Today’s good mood is sponsored by tea.
Warmth for the soul and spirit.
Whatever your problem is, there’s a tea for that.
Who needs therapy when you’ve got tea?
Who says I’m 80% water? I’m actually 80% tea and a tad bit crazy.
You, me, and a cup of tea.
A hug in a cup.
But first, tea.
Choose peace.
Dip that biscuit!
Dream in a cup.
Elegance through sipping.
Energy from a leaf.
Exceptional aroma.
Feeling energized.
Filled to the brim.
Freshly brewed.
From garden to cup.
Healthiest possible sip.
Hot and fragrant.
In tea, we trust.
Infused with love and happiness.
Inner peace.
It’s tea time!
Liquid wisdom.
Love at first sip.
Loosen up.
My happy drink.
My kind of aromatherapy.
Perfect leaves, perfect taste.
Purifier of souls.
Recharging my spirit.
Shatterer of loneliness.
Sip well, feel well.
Soothing and calming.
Sweet inspiration.
The drink of winners.
To world peace!
Today, I choose tea.
Warm and cozy.
What a perfect blend!
Wisdom in a cup.
A cup of hot tea is like a warm hug.
A good way to start the day.
A picture you can smell.
Be comfortable with the fact that you’re not everyone’s cup of tea.
Blood, sweat, and tea.
Calm the hell down!
Come on, spill the tea!
Don’t bother looking for love. Look for tea instead.
Every cup tells a story.
Forgetting everything for a bit, and enjoying a cup or two.
Fragrant liquid streaming in a cup.
Having tea is basically like having an indoor picnic.
How is coziness even possible without tea?
Inspirational quotes aren’t good enough. Give me tea instead.
If tea can’t fix it, then it’s no doubt a serious problem.
It’s time to be happy again.
Keep calm and heat the kettle.
Keeping warm in this cold world.
Let all the troubles melt away.
Life requires determination and tea.
My body runs on tea.
Peace in liquid form.
Slow down and appreciate the surroundings.
The more you drink, the more zen you become.
There’s always time for tea.
This calms my nerves.
Today looks like  a multiple cup of tea kind of day.
User-friendly people drink tea.
Wakey, wakey, it’s time for tea.
Where there’s tea, there’s hope.
Will it fix my problems? Nope. But at least it will make me feel better.
Yup, I’m a tea junkie.
A day between Saturday and Sunday? Now that’s what I desperately need!
After Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says WTF!
Anything before 11am is too early!
Being super lazy is different from being ordinary lazy. It’s like ordinary lazy, but you’re wearing a cape.
Do lazy people go to heaven? If so, do they send angels to pick us up?
Do what now? But I’m already in my pajamas!
Every now and then, I greet people “morning” instead of “good morning” because it if was indeed a good morning, then I’d still be asleep.
Everyday is lazy day!
Feeling crazy lazy today!
Going to do some gardening today by planting myself firmly on the couch.
Having plans sounds like a good idea until you actually have to put on clothes and get ready to leave the house.
I just want to be a cat. Is that too much to ask?
If it requires effort, then count me out.
If this weekend goes as planned, it would definitely not include any plans.
Just carbo-loading for the afterlife.
Let me show you how to do sit-ups. Just lie down, put your hands behind your head, and then position for a nap. Never mind, let’s just all take a nap.
Life would be easier if it came with a pause button.
Mastering the art of postponing the start.
Messy hair, don’t care.
My idleness is my refuge.
Nap all day, sleep all night, and party never.
Not really lazy. Just waiting for inspiration to hit me. Should be anytime now.
Occasionally, I move around just to show people I’m still alive.
Planning to be as useless as the ‘g’ in lasagna today. Eating some too while I’m at it.
Procrastinating isn’t doing me any good. I will stop being a procrastinator starting tomorrow.
The hardest part of the end of each month is the last thirty days.
This couch potato is the real deal!
Today, I will do absolutely nothing.
Too bored to stay home. Too lazy to go out.
Ultimately, being lazy at home is the best!
Why stand up and carry the chair when I can sit on it and drag it around?
You’ll never see me working on a weekend. Or any any other day that ends in ‘y’ for that matter.
A 6-month vacation, twice a year, sounds really nice.
A firm believer of the golden rule: “If you can’t reach it, then you don’t need it.”
Am I the only one who gets really excited about canceled plans?
Every day, I wake up thinking how productive I’m going to be. But then, a voice inside my head whispers “Hahaha! Good one!”
For a lazy person, I work quite hard just to avoid work.
Fractured laziness and dislocated interest—I got these when I fell on the couch!
Have you ever heard of national “I don’t feel like doing anything” day? That’s today, so celebrate accordingly.
How can I stop being lazy when being lazy is so awesome?
I can’t reach the remote. What a sad life!
I really love my job, but only when I’m on vacation.
I’m a multi-tasking procrastinator. I can postpone multiple things all at once.
Ironically, jogging pants are mostly worn by lazy people.
Just tried a simple 30-day workout routine, and guess what? I lost 30 days!
Lazy people fact #1021923801293: You didn’t to read the number because you were too lazy.
Let’s begin the day by taking a smallish nap or two.
Me? Running away from work? I’m too lazy to run!
My internal battery is almost empty. Please hug me to charge.
My get-up-and-go often leaves without me.
Not really lazy. Just very relaxed.
Off clubbing! I heard DJ Pillow and MC Blanky are performing at Club Bed.
Only a bitter insomniac would say that sleep is akin to laziness.
Organized people are organized because they’re just too lazy to search for things.
Rake the leaves? I’ll let the wind handle that.
Running out of money is the only running I ever do.
The future is shaped by our dreams. So, go to sleep.
The quick brown didn’t jump over the lazy dog. It jumped over the lazy me!
The Shavasana, also known as the Corpse Pose, is my favorite yoga pose. Pretty much self-explanatory, if I must say so.
What’s my dream job? Well, why would I want to work in the first place?
Whenever I’m feeling lazy, I just lie down on my bed until the feeling goes away.
While it’s true that hard work never killed anybody. Why take the chance?
Yesterday, I did nothing. And today, I’m going to finish what I was doing yesterday.
A hundred and ten percent tired!
Are you saying that there’s no excuse for laziness? Well, I’ll keep looking.
Busy converting oxygen to carbon dioxide.
Calling me lazy ain’t doing me justice. After all, I also inspire laziness in others.
Currently on energy-saving mode. Please don’t bother.
Follow thy heart, and it will eventually lead you to thy couch.
For some reason, I already feel tired tomorrow.
Hooray, I’ve made it from the bed to the couch. I’m unstoppable!
I absolutely love the whooshing sound deadlines make as they fly by me.
I prefer the term “selective participation.”
I wish more people were fluent in silence.
I’d rather be sleeping.
I’m bringing back daytime pajama wearing.
I’m super motivated to do absolutely nothing today.
I’ve mastered the skill of turning loneliness into laziness.
It’s not like I have nothing planned today. It’s just today, I plan to do nothing.
Just because I’m awake doesn’t mean I’m going to do anything.
Made a new kind of exercise that is a cross between a lunge and a crunch. I call it lunch!
My needs are few: WiFi, snacks, and my bed.
My spirit animal is probably the sloth.
My tombstone shall say: “Well at least I don’t have to wake up anymore.”
Naps and Netflix!
Need something? I’ll get back to you in never.
Nothing is impossible? I’ve been doing nothing for years.
On a cellular level, I’m actually very busy.
Putting the “pro” in “procrastinate.”
Raise your hands if your two most favorite subjects in school are recess and lunch.
Staying in bed all day and ignoring everything else.
Take it slowly. Really, really, slow.
Today’s forecast: Lazy with a 95% chance of Netflix.
Too lazy to think of a caption.
Turns out, I’m not an afternoon person either.
Unplugged.
Weekend vibes.
Why should I stop taking the easy road? It’s far more efficient, and it saves me more time.
Winning the award for laziness must be a drag! I’d probably send someone to pick it up for me.
Yes, I’m very athletic! I surf the internet every day.
Zoning out and never coming back!
A little celebration never killed anyone.
Attack life with a festive spirit and live with no regrets.
Bad and boozy.
Be as bubbly as your drink.
Be silly. Be fun. Be crazy.
Celebrate with a bang and get lost in the night.
Come on, Barbie. Let’s go party!
Conserve water, and drink wine instead.
Crazy nights make the best memories.
Don’t ever look back.
Drinking probably isn’t the answer to our problems, but it’s worth a shot.
Eat. Sleep. Rave. Repeat.
Even if we end up exhausted and worn-out tomorrow, we will still go hard tonight.
Follow the call of the disco ball.
Forget your worries and just carry on.
Go hard or go home.
Good music. Good friends. Good vibes.
Goodbye, reality. Hello, party!
Happy hour is the best hour.
Here’s to the festive moments that make us feel alive.
If you feel lost and weary, come dance with us.
Keep calm and drop the bass.
Let the good times roll!
Lights and music makes us all feel cheery.
Like a rock star.
My advice to all: Dance and sing while the party is still on!
Nothing left for me to do but party all night.
Own the night!
Party nights are the nights we all live for.
Prepare to stumble. And make it double.
Put on your party pants. We’re here to party!
Rave till the grave.
Ready, get set, party!
Shut up and dance with me.
Sleep all day, party all night.
Study hard, party harder.
Today, we work. Tomorrow, we rest. But tonight, we party!
Turn down the tension and turn up the beat!
We all go crazy when the bass go boom.
When it’s time to party, we party hard, eh.
Why the hell not?
Yo, let’s get wasted!
YOLO: You only live once!
A celebratory gathering without cake is just a meeting.
All worries can be drowned in wine.
Anytime is party time!
As you travel the road to the future, remember to celebrate each milestone you manage  to reach.
Booze makes everyone equal. People who are drunk, whether rich or poor, keel over the same way.
Celebrate your achievements and set even higher standards each time you succeed.
Cocktails are essential for any kind of party. Always make sure to keep various selections in stock and you’ll be able to keep everyone happy.
Dancing is a language of the soul that relieves stress and increases happiness.
Drunk words are sober thoughts.
Even if your life isn’t the party you hoped it would be, celebrate it anyway.
Every firework begins with one spark.
Going a little crazy is sometimes the only way to stay sane in this world.
Good parties create a temporary youthfulness.
Greet everyone with a smile on your face, a fine glass of liquor in your hand, and festive music in the background.
Hangovers are temporary. Drunk stories are forever.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
Introverts rarely like going to parties the same way saints rarely want to go to hell.
Just as you shouldn’t be the first one to arrive at a party, you also shouldn’t be the person to go home last.
Keep dancing anyway for people are fools whether they choose to dance or not.
Life is a party, so always dress like it.
Live for the nights you won’t remember with the people you will never forget.
Music is the strongest form of magic.
No one ever ponders upon their existence and reminisce the nights they got abundant amounts of sleep.
One shortcut to happiness is dancing in the middle of a rowdy crowd.
Parties are good for the nerves—like celery.
Ravers don’t tumble and fall. We trip and roll.
Reality is an illusion that manifests due to the absence of festivities and celebrations.
Rejoice life, in its entirety, and even its end.
Successes should be celebrated. Failures, on the other hand, should be commemorated as well.
The more you try to celebrate life, the more you discover that there is so much in life to celebrate.
There is something in singing, dancing, and partying that does everyone’s well-being a lot of good.
Whenever you chance upon the opportunity to celebrate, grab it! Life is short, so party away!
Wine flies when you’re having fun.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature forever.
You only have one life. But if you do it right, that one life is more than enough.
A little whiskey makes me frisky.
According to the bible, one should love thy enemy. And since I consider alcohol an enemy, you know the rest of the story.
All I want to hear right now is: TUGS, TUGS, TUGS!
Be flapping as you drink.
Because no one ever talks about the nights they went to bed early.
Beer is proof that God cares about us.
Celebrate like it’s your birthday!
Cheers and beers.
Craziness need not be hidden. Go parade it down the street!
Drink triple. See double. Act Single.
Fear not! Shake that ass and misbehave all you want.
Friends who slay together stay together.
God is good, beer is nice, and people are crazy!
Got this dress up on me to keep stress away from me.
Happiness eludes you? Well, at least you can get drunk.
I can chill harder than anyone can party.
I used to sleep at night.
It’s been one blur of a fun!
Let the party be gin!
Live. Work. Party.
My excuse is that I’m young. What’s yours?
Night doesn’t mean sleep.
Not invited to a celebration? Throw your own party!
Old enough to know better, young enough to not care.
One shot. Two shots. Three shots. Floor.
Party hard. Make mistakes. Laugh endlessly.
Sip, sip, hooray.
Sobriety is not in my vocabulary.
Soup of the day: Beer!
Stop talking, start dancing.
Take me home, I’m drunk.
The moment I read that drinking is bad, I gave up reading.
There are twenty-four hours in a day and twenty-four bottles/cans of beer in a case. Coincidence? I guess not.
Trance is for the dreamers.
Trust me, I’m up to no good.
We’ll be glowing in the dark.
When life keeps handing you lemons, you got to bring out the vodka and salt!
Who’s on the floor? Oh wait, it was me all along!
Wine not?
Yeah, we’re lighting up the moon tonight and making it even brighter.
You, me, and the devil makes three.
You might call it a party, but I call it therapy.
All I want is upbeat music, cool companions, flickering lights, and crazy nights.
All we’ve got is NOW!
Be young. Be cool. Be proud.
Bring on the night!
Burn up like neon lights.
Can you feel the music?
Dance the night away.
Die with memories, not dreams.
Drinking booze and minding my own business.
Everyone is dancing and they’re dancing for me.
Feel reckless and live it up.
Fight for your right to party.
Find me where the crazy people are.
Getting lit tonight!
Give me the beat and free my soul.
Go wild!
Here, we are all crazy!
I go to parties to eliminate all my stresses and worries. What’s your reason?
If ain’t losing your mind, then you ain’t partying right.
It was all quiet, then chatty, then confrontational, then insulting, then incomprehensible, and then drunk.
It’s more than just music to us.
Just keep celebrating and have fun.
Keep calm and party in the club!
Let’s celebrate!
Like a dancing zombie, I come alive in the night.
Living in the present.
Losing my way, finding my soul.
May this night last forever.
Meet your soulmate at a rave.
Never miss the chance to dance.
Party till you drop!
Soon, we’ll be under the electric sky.
Sure, I can party all night long.
Till the break of dawn.
Tonight, I just need to party.
Trust me, you can dance.
We lose ourselves in the euphoria of crowds.
We’ve got that Friday feeling.
What doesn’t kill us makes us look for stronger booze.
When I sip, you sip, we sip.
You were born to light this world.
Young, wild, and free.
A nice walk on the sandy shores of a beach is good for the soul.
Allow the waves to massage your feet, and let the sandy shore be your seat.
Aloha, beaches!
At the beach is where my soul belongs.
Beach therapy is my kind of therapy.
Beaches demand some serious splishing and a splashing. Ready or not, here I come!
Bring all your doubts and fears to the beach, and send them off sailing in the ocean.
Catch me on the next wave.
Check out all the shades of blue.
Crashing waves is music to my ears.
Do whatever floats your boat.
Dreams are made of salt, sand, and sunshine.
Eat. Beach. Sleep. Repeat.
Endless blues.
Escape to a beach. Find a quiet spot to settle. Enjoy the paradise.
Every time I step foot on a beach, it feels like going home.
Feeling beachy.
Forever chasing the sun.
Fun in the sun.
Go where you feel most animated and energetic.
Gone to the beach. Be back never.
Good vibes happen on the tides.
Happiness is a holiday at the beach.
Heaven above. Sand below. Peace within.
High tides and good vibes.
I was made for the sunny days.
I’m a true ocean-holic!
Just add water.
Let’s be beach bums today.
Life is a lot better with sand between thy toes.
Make your own waves.
May the ocean wash all of our troubles away.
Meet me where the magnificent sky grazes the majestic ocean.
My favorite color is the ocean.
No time to stay jaded in a beach as resplendent as this.
Occasionally, a change of scenery can do us a lot of good.
Ocean, my dearest, it is because of you that I feel small, humble, spirited, and salty—all at the same time!
Oh how long have I yearned to experience the grand vastness of the sea!
Palm trees. Sandy shores. Tasty seafood. Sun-kissed skin.
Sand between my toes, wind through my hair, and salt on my skin.
Sandy massages, salty kisses.
Soak up positive energy.
Sun, sand, sea, and friends.
Sun’s out, buns out.
Tans fade away, but memories last forever.
Thalassophile /tha·las·so·phile/ (n.) A lover of seas and oceans.
When in doubt, go to the beach.
Wild, confident, and empowered—just like the sea!
Worry a bit less, live a bit more.
You only live once, so move to the beach and never come back.
A walk on the beach is not just for stretching your body and mind, but also for looking at life with a broader imagination and perspective.
After every beach visit, reality just hits you with the fact that we all live in a material world.
Although waves naturally rise and fall, it is in the fact that they always rise after falling that makes them remarkably inspirational and uplifting.
Beach is the best escape anyone can have.
Bliss is sand in your flip-flops and the salt in your hair.
Calm seas don’t yield adept seafarers.
Certified aquaholic!
Dance with the waves, and sing with the sea. Allow the rhythm of the water to animate your spirit.
Dream as high as the sky can reach and as deep than the ocean can dive.
Every beach experience leaves us with lots of stories to tell.
Fate can send you towards various paths, with the best ones leading to the beach.
Friends are nothing but seashells that we collect throughout our lives.
Friends that go to the beach together, stay together.
Fun memories at the beach are like sand. You can always bring some home with you.
Happiness comes in waves.
Heaven seems closer when you’re walking by the sea.
It’s amazing how a simple visit to the beach can stir the heart, inspire the mind, and brings happiness to the soul.
Life is a lot like ocean tides. It goes up and down.
Live by the waves, plan under the palms, and follow the sun.
Love doesn’t need to stand on any ground. It is like the sea with no boundaries, a great vastness with no beginning or end.
Memories of our beach escapades will remain, even if our footprints in the sand have vanished.
Nothing calms the heart like a leisurely walk on the beach.
Oceans can calm themselves down with minimal effort. So if they can do it at ease, then so can you.
On the sandy shore of nature’s wonder, I wished that my beach days never end.
Once in a while, in the ever-changing waves of life, we find our true direction.
Saltwater, sweat, tears, and the beach are all cures for a weary heart.
Swim the ocean and touch the sky. Let your heart and soul roam free.
The most memorable experiences are those that the waves and tides can’t wash away.
There’s something admirable and marvelous in the way the ocean never gets tired of the shore, despite getting shooed away many times over.
We can liken life itself to the ocean. It can be smooth or rough, calm or perilous, low or high. But at the end of the day, it will always be beautiful.
When the beach casts its spell on you, it grasps you into its lasso of wonder forever.
You cannot traverse the ocean if you’re afraid of losing sight of the shore.
A good day at the beach keeps the doctor away.
Ahoy, mateys!
Avoid pier pressure.
Beach and Sunshine—the only BS I need in my life!
Beach days = Best days!
Beach, please.
Can you hear that sound? It’s my worries drifting away in the sea.
Clearly, I was a mermaid in my previous life.
Dear sun, how about chilling for a bit?
Don’t be crabby.
Enough vitamin sea is good for the health.
Feeling stressed? There’s a beach for that.
For some reason, life somehow becomes more bearable after going to the beach.
Forever an ocean lover.
Go where the salt lowers your blood pressure. Visit the beach!
Happier than a seagull that just swiped food from unwary tourists.
Having a “beach body” requires only two things: (1) a body, and (2) a beach.
Here’s my resting beach face.
I can sea clearly now.
I get my sodium at the pharma-sea.
If there’s a will, there’s a wave.
It’s quite impossible to stop the ocean waves, but you can always learn how to surf.
Less dreaming, more doing.
Life is a beach!
Lost at sea? I’m not shore.
Love you to the beach and back.
May everyone’s day be filled with laughter, sunshine, and seashells.
Mermaids don’t do homework!
Mondays would be a lot better at the beach.
More beach days and less work days.
My blood type is sea positive.
Ocean beckons, I must go!
One day, I’m going rule the world. But for today, I’m going to be a mermaid.
Playing in the sand.
Quality time with my gull-friends.
Rome wasn’t constructed in a day, but your sand castle can be.
Sand on my bathroom floor means I had an awesome day.
Sea la vie!
Shell yeah!
Shell-ebrating life.
Sun of a beach!
Talk to the sand!
The sand may be scorching, but I’m hotter.
Tropic like it’s hot!
Water you doing?
When at the beach, dress to impress. Go barefoot!
When you come to love life on sea, you become unfit for life on land.
Who needs snowflakes when you can have seashells?
Yo, beach! Don’t kill my vibe.
You can shake the sand off your flip-flops, but not off your soul.
You just mermaid my day!
A rainy day at the beach is heaps better than a sunny day at the office.
As free as the ocean.
Bathe in the sunshine. Waddle in the ocean. Inhale the wild air.
Beach more, worry less.
Discover your own wave.
Don’t worry, be happy.
Endless possibilities.
Every day should be beach day.
Flow with it.
Follow thy heart and let it guide you to the beach.
Grace abounds in deep waters.
Happy as a clam.
Home is where the waves crash.
I believe in the power of the sea to cure all bad vibes.
Just a fish out of water.
Just like sandcastles, nothing lasts forever. But building them was a blast.
Keep calm and beach all day!
Let the ocean set you free.
Let’s sail away.
Like tides, we rise by lifting others.
Live and let live.
Loving the serene brutality of the ocean.
Memories are made in flip-flops.
My sense of direction always leads me here.
Navigating life’s shifting sands, and breezing through each day.
Ocean breeze puts your mind at ease.
On the beach, you can waddle in happiness all you like.
Only good vibes.
Paradise found.
Put your toes in the sand.
Saltwater is nourishing for the soul.
Stay wavy, baby.
Stop chasing the waves, and let the ocean come to you.
Swimming and splashing go hand in hand.
Time wasted at the beach is not wasted at all.
To some, it’s just a beach. To me, it’s where I heal my heart and mind.
Today is a tanning kind of day.
Wet and wild!
Whatever is good for you soul, do that.
When things get difficult, just pack up and go to the beach.
You, me, and the endless blue.
After seeing the sun and the moon on the other side of the world, I realized that I’m not the same person I was before.
All the things we do fully are possible only when we do them alone.
Are you still waiting for a sign that it’s time to start your grand solo adventure? This is it!
Book that trip, become a globetrotter, and enjoy your own company.
But first, let me take a detour.
By traveling solo, you get to know the real you.
Confidence may be all I’ve got, but it’s enough for me to pursue this solo trip.
Defy all odds and live the life you’ve always wanted for yourself.
Do not waver. Hesitation about traveling alone will lead you nowhere.
Embrace the right mindset and you’ll find traveling solo exciting and liberating.
Explore, experience, and push beyond.
Every so often, a leap of faith is what you need as your means of transport.
First, you pick a place where you want to go. Then, you just go for it.
Free is how I want to live my life.
Getting out of one’s own box means realizing how much bigger the world really is.
Go solo, go far.
Grand adventures are worth any cost or sacrifice.
Half the fun of traveling is the whimsical appeal of getting lost.
How truly marvelous life is when you’re not afraid to live it.
I’ve fallen in love with distant and unfamiliar places.
It might be a little scary, but traveling solo is also very liberating.
It is freeing how solo travel unshackles us from other people’s expectations.
Just a bit of courage is all you need to do a lot of awesome things on your own.
Learning how to intertwine adventures to my feet, stock memories in my mind, and wield the power of imagination in my hands.
Life is fleeting and the world is expansive. The sooner you start your worldly adventure, the better.
Living my best life, one plane ticket at a time.
My soul is calling out for unfamiliar places, and I intend to go.
No matter how you travel, always remember that it’s still you going to places.
Off you go, alone. Don’t worry, no harm will befall you.
One journey alone is equal to a hundred motivational books.
Proud of the fact that my itinerary is completely my own.
Refrain from calling it a dream. Call it a plan.
Revel in the act of wandering alone.
Sceneries are so much more fetching when one is alone.
Take your adventure far enough and you find yourself.
The passport to paradise is in your hands.
To walk alone isn’t really scary at all.
Wherever your comfort zone ends is where your true life begins.
Whichever place you venture into, always bring your heart with you.
You become capable of sincerer contemplation and reflection when you travel alone.
You’ll never know if you never go.
Adventure awaits.
Adventuring solo took many of my irrational fears away.
Am I going on an adventure alone? Yes, definitely!
Being a lone traveler made me grow as a person.
Be led by whim.
Blessed are those who are courageous enough to travel on their own.
Book that solo trip and get moving.
Call me a fool, but getting lost makes me happy.
Catching flights, not feelings.
Don’t turn back. You’re not headed that way.
During solo travels, selfies are your friend. Master the art!
Earth, prepare to be explored!
Embrace the beauty of traveling solo.
Explore. Dream. Discover.
Fly solo, soar free, and defy gravity!
For now, I am the unknown.
Free as a bird.
Get on your feet. Take a walk. Head to the airport. Get on a plane. Never return.
Go and see everything you possibly can.
God bless this bold traveler!
Home is wherever I am.
I do what I want, when I want, where I want!
I checked my symptoms on Google. Turns out I just needed a travel vacation.
If I waited for anyone to join my travels, I would probably still be waiting.
In search of a place where my soul belongs.
It’s the limitless detours that make life truly worthwhile living.
Keep in mind that when you travel, you should go with the person you love the most, which is why I always travel on my own.
Livid is the soul that is fearful of walking the path alone.
Make friends with thyself and you will never stroll alone.
Me, lost?! Absolutely preposterous!
Me, myself, and I.
Most of my problems can be solved with a trip to anywhere.
No one has to wait on others just to go experience the world
Not all who wander are lost, but I sure am.
Perhaps I’m going nowhere, but oh boy, what an adventure!
Pick up your book of excuses and get away as far as you can.
Running towards the boarding gate is my favorite exercise.
Solo travel is my therapy.
Sometimes, being lost is where exactly you should be.
Table for one, but food for two, please.
The sooner you master the art of taking selfies, the better for your solo adventures.
Travel now, work later.
Trust your instincts.
Ultimately, we only regret the chances we didn’t take.
When you know where you’re going, the universe conspires to make way for you.
We live and we see much. We travel and we see more.
Wonder. Wander. Repeat.
You have experience getting lost before you can truly be found.
A solo journey is your very own adventure.
All adventures have clandestine destinations of which the adventurer is unaware.
Backpacking is, essentially, spending money on education.
Better to witness something once than to hear about it a thousand times.
Big smiles and tired feet.
Born to roam.
Certain escapades can only be traveled alone.
Coming back all changed after traveling far away is magic in action.
Does it even matter who’s going to let me? No one can stop me anyway.
Don’t be afraid of living your own life. Regrets really suck!
Exploration is the essence of the human spirit.
Eventually, when you least expect it, the grand adventure finds you.
Every hundred steps, the world changes.
Facing the world alone takes a lot of courage!
Fight for supremacy and travel alone.
Get out, explore, thrive.
Give yourself the gift of solo travel.
Go take that solo adventure! You only need yourself to explore and enjoy the world.
How thrilling it is to dive into the unknown alone.
Happiness is when I’m thriving independently in a distant and unfamiliar place. It makes me feel invincible.
I just love traveling solo and living my own life.
I’m not lost. I’m exploring.
Jump right in and travel on your own.
Just be yourself and traverse your own path.
Kick-starting your solo journey is always the hardest part. The rest is easy.
Learn how to keep yourself company and you’ll never be lonely.
Let’s just roll under the stars.
My favorite thing to do is travel where I’ve never been before.
No one ever really travels alone. There is no shortage of strangers just waiting to be your friend.
Really, there’s nowhere to go but everywhere!
Once you move out of your comfort zone, both unknown and the fanciful becomes your new normal.
Remember that as a traveler, you should be happy, not perfect.
Self-discovery has always been the secret ingredient.
Smile, not only for the photo, but for life.
Stock up on stories to tell, not things to show.
Storms are but drizzles to me, for I know how to sail my own ship.
The soul that knows how to appreciate beauty has no qualms about walking alone.
This adventure will surpass my wildest imagination.
Traveling solo made me realize that fear keeps strangers from becoming friends.
Venture into the unknown alone.
Walk alone and just be yourself.
When you walk on your own two feet, you become friendlier with your own self.
You are only held back by the limits you set yourself.
Abs are super awesome, but have you tried tacos?
Ain’t no party like a taco party!
Blessed are those who can eat through a whole taco without making a mess.
Dreams come true in between crispy corn shells.
Every now and then, we fall apart. Really, we’re all just tortilla shells in this taco-like life.
Feed me tacos, bitchachos!
Finding motivation in a tortilla wrapper.
Forget skinny; I’d rather eat tacos!
How to turn me on with a single word? Tacos.
I work hard to support my taco addiction.
I’m in dire need of Tantalum, Cobalt, and Sulfur; or in short—TaCoS!
Just smash the shell and you get nachos!
Kiss me and buy me tacos.
Know that I'm in a comfortable place. Maybe not emotionally, but I’m standing next to a taco stall.
Life is a lot like tacos. Well, maybe not, but I’m really hungry right now.
Live like every day is Taco Tuesday!
My brain is screaming “gym”, but my heart is whispering “tacos”.
My hands are all set and ready to make a mess!
Nothing like tacos with a side of tacos!
Oh, so you like tacos too? Wait, did we just become friends?
Once, there was a human who really loved tacos. It was me. The end.
Rain or shine, it’s time for tacos!
Remember that people who don’t like tacos are not to be trusted.
Rule of thumb: if it's a hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant, a carnitas stand, or a taco truck, then it’s probably really good.
Run like there’s a scrumptious spread of Mexican food waiting at the finish line.
Saving the world from evil, one taco at a time.
Shaking my maracas because my tacos are here!
Somewhere out there, there’s a taco thinking about me too.
Taco Tuesday? More like taco every day!
Tacos, because it’s Tuesday somewhere.
TGITT: Thank Goodness It’s Taco Tuesday!
The tacos are calling; I must go!
This is why I love Tuesdays.
Wake up, work hard, eat tacos.
Who’s the best Disney princess? It’s gotta be Taco Belle!
You had me at “let’s go get some tacos!”
You might think I’m not paying attention, but really, I’m just thinking about tacos.
Adventure, then tacos.
Always savory.
Bliss in a shell.
But first, tacos.
Crackles in the mouth.
Craving carnitas.
Crunchy and tasty.
Delight in every bite.
Do it for the tacos.
Do the salsa!
Eat well, live well.
Every bite counts!
Fiesta, then siesta.
Filled with savory goodness.
Food that gets you going.
Food with attitude.
Gotta start with spicy!
Happiness in a shell.
Hecho en Mexico!
Hot and fast.
I’m a tacotarian.
Inhale tacos, exhale negativity.
It’s tac-o’clock!
Less hate, more tacos.
Let’s eat, amigos!
Life is a fiesta.
Make salsa, not war.
More tacos, por favor!
Munchies a la Mexicana.
My best amigo!
No mercy to the carnitas!
No tickie, no taco.
Pass me the hot sauce!
Peace, love, and tacos.
Satisfying my hunger.
Savory and flavory.
So much flavor and texture!
Stop, eat, and go.
Tacos up, pinkies out.
Tacos. Margaritas. Siesta. Repeat.
The greasier the better!
Tortilla shells in my teeth.
Where the taco squad at?
Worth eating!
You can’t eat just one.
All I want is a taco, and queso, too.
Being an awesome human, in general, requires tacos—lots and lots of tacos!
Delicious has 9 letters in it, but so does tacosssss!
Drizzling it all up with a squeeze of lime and lots of hot sauce.
First comes love, then comes tacos.
Forget the flowers, just buy me tacos!
Getting real worried that nothing could ever make me happy the same way tacos do.
Happy as long as I’m not hungry.
Here’s to hoping that they serve tacos in hell.
I know how to speak Spanish: “Taco, tortilla, salsa, carnitas!”
I want tacos, not your opinion.
If you’ve forgotten my name, just call for “tacos” and I’ll come running to you.
Keep calm and pour hot sauce.
Last time I checked, there’s no “we” in tacos.
Life without Mexican food is no life at all.
May my enemies fall apart like these tacos that I’m about to devour.
My apologies for my rudeness before I had my taco.
Name three words more delightful than “let’s get tacos!”
Now, this is fire!
One can never have too many.
People who can eat in public and aren’t afraid to show it are my favorite kind of people.
Protecting my mental health with a barricade of tacos.
Refrain from asking me to stop eating too many tacos! I don’t need that kind of pessimism in my life.
Remember to toast your corn tortillas.
Screw drugs! Have tacos instead.
Stressed, blessed, and taco-obsessed.
Summer body season is just around the corner. But so is the taco truck!
Taqueria: my happy place!
The secret is in the salsa.
There’s no such thing as “too many” when it comes to tacos.
Who even cares what day it is? It’s Taco Tuesday whichever day I want it to be!
Will do crunches for tacos.
With lots of love and carnitas!
You are the salsa to my tacos.
You say magic, I say Mexican!
Always ready to help one another!
Annoying you is my favorite hobby.
Being best friends with your siblings is a different type of lit.
Being siblings means being there for one another.
Best mates. Sometimes.
Bringing back that sibling bond.
Can’t live with them. Can’t live without them.
Don’t underestimate my memory. I still remember when you tattled on me way before.
Double trouble.
Even if we argue often, I can’t live without you.
Everything that everyone sees in me, my siblings helped me to be.
Eye to eye? Maybe not. But, we’re always heart to heart.
Food first, family second.
Friends change. Lovers leave. Siblings are eternal.
Fun, it was. We weren’t even aware that we were actually making memories.
Giving you the most awesome sibling in existence is my best present to you. You’re welcome!
Happiness is knowing your sibling loves you so much.
Homies stick together.
I probably won’t be able to fix all your snags, but at least you won’t ever have to face them alone.
I’ve got your back, and you’ve got my back.
Let’s get ready to rumble!
Life would be a bore without me, right sibling?
Lucky to have you!
My mirror and my opposite.
Nice growing up with you!
No matter the distance, we are connected by the heart.
Nothing can stop me from caring about my sibling.
Our imperfections make us the perfect siblings.
Our paths may change, but we will always be connected.
Partners-in-crime.
Remember when we wanted to grow up fast as kids? What in the world we’re we thinking?!
Seeing you happy makes me happy too.
Sometimes, I feel ugly. But when I look at you, I get a sense of relief.
Thanks to you, I will have a friend for the rest of my life.
Through thick and thin.
We are all crazy, one way or another.
We got this.
We laugh, we cry, we make time fly.
We’ll always be a team.
You are my superhero as I am your superhero.
You are the part of my life and the part of my soul.
You’re the best there is in the world! I’m still the favorite, though.
A sibling is even better than a superhero.
Ah, siblings—sometimes your tormentors, but always your protectors.
Admit it; being related to me is a blessing.
Best friend? Nah. This is my sibling.
Brother for sale, anyone interested
During one of my birthdays, I asked mom and dad for a pet, and look who I got!
Eating things from the fridge not because I’m hungry, but because my siblings might eat the good stuff before me.
Either we’re fighting each other to death, or we’re singing dramatic duets together.
Fairies are real. They’re called sisters.
Frenemies? We are the best example!
Grandma likes me better.
Guess who the favorite child is?
Having a sibling is weird because sometimes I’m like, “I’ll help you hide the body,” and other times I’m like, “Don’t even dare breathe in my presence.”
Here’s to the only enemy that I can’t live without.
Honestly, I’d be very willing to give you a kidney if/when the time comes, but right now, you ain’t borrowing my charger!
I do try not to laugh when my sibling gets in trouble with our parents.
I mean, who do you expect to bail you out of jail in the future?
I once devoured a whole cake just so my brother/sister couldn’t have even one slice.
I saw it first, so it’s mine. Oh, it’s broken? Then feel free to have it.
If I ever needed a new body part, I know who to call.
It wasn’t me; I swear! He/she did it!
Imagine me, but twice.
Just accept it; you’re the ugly sibling.
Let’s play! You’ll be Abel, and I’ll be Cain.
My brother/sister has the best sibling ever!
Need free help? Ask your brother. They work pro-bro-no.
No other squad would dare cross us, I promise.
Not all witches were burned—we sisters are proof of that.
Now, now, who to blame for my mess?
Seriously, no pets allowed? But this is my sibling!
Simply put, I’m the favorite child.
Since the older sibling sets the bar, I thank you for setting it so low.
Thank you for making mom and dad think I’m astounding.
There can be only one!
We tell each other to shut up even if no one is talking.
Would I smack my sibling for hundred of thousands of dollars? Hell yeah!
Yup, we’re obnoxious together. Nope, we don’t care.
You’re adopted.
A million friends, old and new, they’ve got nothing on you.
A sibling is a hug waiting to happen.
All we really need is one another.
Another difficult family gathering being the best-looking sibling.
Apologies are foreign to us. For some reason, we just suddenly start acting nice to one another again.
Born crazy, and we’re remaining that way.
Crazy runs in the family.
Don’t try to mess with us!
Double the fun, double the trouble.
Epic sibling moment!
Everything I am, you helped me be.
Getting into petty arguments is our favorite game!
Here’s to the best scapegoat in the world!
I just know you’ll be there when I ask for backup.
I was looking for my soul, and I found my sibling.
It’s my job to annoy my siblings, no matter how old they are.
Joined heart to heart.
Lean on me, count on me, tell on me.
Life would be a bore without you as my sibling.
Like two peas in a pod.
Love, strife, competition, and friendship.
No buddy like a brother. No partner like a sister.
Nothing like petty sibling arguments.
Ohana means family.
Okay, let’s go kick some ass!
Only I can bully my siblings! Mess with them, and you’re dead!
Our bond is unbreakable.
Part blood, part rival, part mentor, and forever friend.
Partners from beginning to end.
Remember, if you dare lay a finger on my sibs, it is me you’ll be facing.
Siblings are awesome friends we didn’t have to find.
Snitches get stitches.
Take care, alright? If you ever need anything, just come by me.
Through laughter and tears, we will always be there for one another.
Time spent with brothers and/or sisters is worth every second.
Together forever, for always, no matter what.
United we stand.
We love a good sibling rivalry.
Without you, there won’t be player 2.
World’s okayest brother/sister.
You bring out the best in me. And worst.
You can count on me like one, two, three!
You know me like no one else.
You’re the best friend I was born to have.
Your battle is my battle.
Your existence both annoys and pleases me.
